
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 5052049000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 253904                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1286032                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   496159                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     3.94                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1282634809                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000014                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1954253                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.005052                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  5052049000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            218455                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000014                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1954253                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      183710                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            26                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      129905                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            92                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1332059                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            73                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          5052038                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    5052038                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1246214                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              641789                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       167423                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  88049                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         88049                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               131489                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               68803                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       28190                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1891953                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1891953                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3656573                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1556287                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      183677                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        313357                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     129680                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 15151      0.78%      0.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1550724     79.35%     80.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1537      0.08%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     13504      0.69%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1167      0.06%     80.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      516      0.03%     80.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    16367      0.84%     81.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    13762      0.70%     82.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   16166      0.83%     83.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    868      0.04%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                5070      0.26%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                2028      0.10%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               3042      0.16%     83.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               1014      0.05%     83.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   160154      8.20%     92.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  125821      6.44%     98.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               23523      1.20%     99.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               3859      0.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1954273                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5052049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5052049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1308341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1308341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1308341                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1308341                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          23718                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              23718                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         23718                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             23718                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1349803000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1349803000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1349803000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1349803000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1332059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1332059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56910.489923                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56910.489923                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56910.489923                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56910.489923                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         23718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23718                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23718                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1302369000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1302369000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1302369000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1302369000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54910.574247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54910.574247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54910.574247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54910.574247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      23466                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1308341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1308341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         23718                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             23718                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1349803000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1349803000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1332059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.017806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56910.489923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56910.489923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        23718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1302369000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1302369000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54910.574247                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54910.574247                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5052049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               240.200037                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  898966                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 23466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 38.309299                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   240.200037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.938281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.938281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.980469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1355776                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1355776                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5052049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               22516                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              22516                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3833                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        48865                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        48865                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  48865                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1686336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1686336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1686336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            41681000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          120031750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5052049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1093888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          347136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1441024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1093888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1093888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       245312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           245312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            17092                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5424                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                22516                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          3833                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                3833                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          216523632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           68711923                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              285235555                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     216523632                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         216523632                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        48556932                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              48556932                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        48556932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         216523632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          68711923                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             333792487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      3374.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     17092.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5121.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001527068500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           193                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           193                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                49457                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3160                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        22516                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        3833                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      22516                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      3833                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     303                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    459                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               4398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              6772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.56                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     186212500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   111065000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                602706250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8383.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27133.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     16220                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2831                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  73.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 83.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  22516                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  3833                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    22213                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         6507                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     251.328108                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    165.027664                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    267.299742                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2063     31.70%     31.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2288     35.16%     66.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          839     12.89%     79.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          405      6.22%     85.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          114      1.75%     87.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          200      3.07%     90.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          101      1.55%     92.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          110      1.69%     94.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          387      5.95%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          6507                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          193                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      114.782383                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      29.594707                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     319.233089                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             160     82.90%     82.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            13      6.74%     89.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            2      1.04%     90.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            2      1.04%     91.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      0.52%     92.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            3      1.55%     93.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            2      1.04%     94.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            2      1.04%     95.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            1      0.52%     96.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            1      0.52%     96.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            1      0.52%     97.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            1      0.52%     97.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      0.52%     98.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            3      1.55%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            193                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          193                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.367876                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.334249                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.077422                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                69     35.75%     35.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      1.04%     36.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               106     54.92%     91.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                14      7.25%     98.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 2      1.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            193                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1421632                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    19392                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   214528                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1441024                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                245312                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        281.40                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         42.46                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     285.24                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      48.56                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      2.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     5051845000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      191728.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1093888                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       327744                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       214528                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 216523632.292560875416                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 64873480.047402545810                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 42463562.803923711181                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        17092                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5424                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         3833                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    458479500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    144226750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 115303022250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26824.22                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26590.48                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  30081665.08                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     74.46                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              27938820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              14827065                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             90699420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             7386300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      398286720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1952963640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         295386240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2787488205                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         551.753992                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    750691000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    168480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4132878000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              18571140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               9867000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             67901400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            10111140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      398286720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1977634380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         274610880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2756982660                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         545.715740                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    696460500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    168480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4187108500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5052049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5052049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5052049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           307176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               307176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          307180                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              307180                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           6339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               6339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          6415                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              6415                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    401988000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    401988000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    407404000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    407404000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       313515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           313515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       313595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          313595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.020219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.020456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63415.049692                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63415.049692                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63508.028059                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63508.028059                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            4220                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  4220                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          6339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    389310000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    389310000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    394574000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    394574000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61415.049692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61415.049692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61508.028059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61508.028059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       6159                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          181244                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              181244                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          2386                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              2386                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    142564000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    142564000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       183630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          183630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012994                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012994                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59750.209556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59750.209556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    137792000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    137792000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57750.209556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57750.209556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         125932                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             125932                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         3953                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             3953                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    259424000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    259424000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       129885                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         129885                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030435                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030435                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65627.118644                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65627.118644                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3953                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3953                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    251518000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    251518000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030435                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030435                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63627.118644                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63627.118644                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             4                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 4                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           76                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              76                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5416000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5416000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           80                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            80                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.950000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.950000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71263.157895                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71263.157895                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           76                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           76                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5264000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5264000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69263.157895                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69263.157895                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5052049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.806535                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  229351                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  6159                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 37.238350                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.806535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.987526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.987526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                320010                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               320010                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5052049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5052049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5052049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                7616                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6625                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            991                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               7616                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         17093                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          5424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             22517                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        17093                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5424                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            22517                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1147804000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    359974000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1507778000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1147804000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    359974000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1507778000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        23718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           30133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        23718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          30133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.720676                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.845518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.747254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.720676                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.845518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.747254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67150.529457                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66366.887906                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66961.762224                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67150.529457                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66366.887906                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66961.762224                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           3833                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 3833                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        22517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17093                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5424                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        22517                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1113620000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    349126000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1462746000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1113620000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    349126000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1462746000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.720676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.845518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.747254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.720676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.845518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.747254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65150.646463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64366.887906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64961.851046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65150.646463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64366.887906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64961.851046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     24146                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               7616                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        17093                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            22517                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1147804000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    359974000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1507778000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        23718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6415                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          30133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.720676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.845518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.747254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67150.529457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66366.887906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66961.762224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        22517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1113620000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    349126000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1462746000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.720676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.845518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.747254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65150.646463                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64366.887906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64961.851046                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4220                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4220                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4220                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4220                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5052049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.374110                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  32179                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                24146                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.332685                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   120.042691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   151.064473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   234.266946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.234458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.295048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.457553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.987059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          181                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          204                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                59011                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               59011                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5052049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                30133                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               30132                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          4220                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        17050                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        47435                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   64485                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       680640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1517888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2198528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           118585000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             51233000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            32075000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5052049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5052049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5052049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5052049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                10173195000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 212531                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1286692                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   420603                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     9.41                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1080916920                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000208                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3958538                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.010173                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10173195000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            443768                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000208                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3958538                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      377646                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            26                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      247740                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           110                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2654689                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            73                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         10173184                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   10173184                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2542260                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1282272                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       337212                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 201651                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        201651                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               302034                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158030                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       58267                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3816068                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3816068                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7378067                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3151315                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      377580                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        624809                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     247229                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 34123      0.86%      0.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3129013     79.04%     79.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     2775      0.07%     79.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     30489      0.77%     80.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2624      0.07%     80.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1168      0.03%     80.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    36808      0.93%     81.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    31008      0.78%     82.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   36353      0.92%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   1974      0.05%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               12465      0.31%     83.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                4986      0.13%     83.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               7479      0.19%     84.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               2493      0.06%     84.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   323273      8.17%     92.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  238710      6.03%     98.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               54307      1.37%     99.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               8519      0.22%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3958567                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    17                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10173195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10173195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2602446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2602446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2602446                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2602446                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          52243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              52243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         52243                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             52243                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2970634000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2970634000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2970634000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2970634000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2654689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2654689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2654689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2654689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.019680                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.019680                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.019680                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.019680                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56861.857091                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56861.857091                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56861.857091                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56861.857091                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        52243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         52243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        52243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        52243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2866150000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2866150000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2866150000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2866150000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.019680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.019680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54861.895374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54861.895374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54861.895374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54861.895374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      51991                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2602446                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2602446                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         52243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             52243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2970634000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2970634000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2654689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2654689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.019680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.019680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56861.857091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56861.857091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        52243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        52243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2866150000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2866150000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.019680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54861.895374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54861.895374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10173195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               245.636696                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1765981                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 51991                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 33.967052                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   245.636696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.959518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.959518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.980469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2706931                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2706931                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10173195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               45748                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              45748                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5192                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        96688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        96688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  96688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3260160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      3260160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3260160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            71708000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          243986750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10173195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         2406208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          521664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2927872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      2406208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        2406208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       332288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           332288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            37597                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             8151                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                45748                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          5192                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                5192                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          236524317                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           51278286                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              287802603                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     236524317                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         236524317                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        32663092                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              32663092                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        32663092                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         236524317                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          51278286                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             320465694                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4211.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     37597.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7478.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001527068500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           240                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           240                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                97835                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3940                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        45748                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        5192                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      45748                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      5192                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     673                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    981                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               9625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             15129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              4103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.69                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     388358000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   225375000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1233514250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8615.82                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27365.82                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     32523                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3509                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  72.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  45748                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  5192                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    45075                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        13219                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     238.420455                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    157.794628                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    257.385650                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          4363     33.01%     33.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4836     36.58%     69.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1521     11.51%     81.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          812      6.14%     87.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          200      1.51%     88.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          420      3.18%     91.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          158      1.20%     93.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          222      1.68%     94.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          687      5.20%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         13219                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          240                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      186.962500                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      40.166532                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     437.035040                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            203     84.58%     84.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5      2.08%     86.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.42%     87.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      0.42%     87.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            4      1.67%     89.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            3      1.25%     90.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            3      1.25%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            2      0.83%     92.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            5      2.08%     94.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.42%     95.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            2      0.83%     95.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.42%     96.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.42%     96.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.42%     97.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            5      2.08%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.42%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      0.42%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            240                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          240                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.412500                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.380384                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.051324                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                80     33.33%     33.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      0.83%     34.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               139     57.92%     92.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                17      7.08%     99.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 2      0.83%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            240                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2884800                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    43072                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   267456                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2927872                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                332288                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        283.57                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         26.29                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     287.80                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      32.66                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      2.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    10171083000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      199667.90                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      2406208                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       478592                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       267456                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 236524317.090157032013                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 47044414.267100945115                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 26290265.742473237216                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        37597                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         8151                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         5192                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   1008978500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    224535750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 243383523250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26836.68                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27547.02                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  46876641.61                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     73.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              58747920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              31217670                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            190809360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            10716660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      802719840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4005650490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         533327520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5633189460                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         553.728643                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1351784250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    339560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   8481850750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              35657160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              18948435                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            131026140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            11097720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      802719840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3876705090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         641913120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5518067505                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         542.412438                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1634918750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    339560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8198716250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10173195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10173195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10173195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           615204                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               615204                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          615214                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              615214                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          10067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              10067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         10143                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             10143                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    620106000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    620106000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    625522000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    625522000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       625271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           625271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       625357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          625357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61597.894109                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61597.894109                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61670.314503                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61670.314503                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            5672                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  5672                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         10067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    599972000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    599972000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    605236000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    605236000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016100                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016100                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59597.894109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59597.894109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59670.314503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59670.314503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       9887                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          372600                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              372600                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4960                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4960                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    301083000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    301083000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       377560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          377560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60702.217742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60702.217742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    291163000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    291163000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58702.217742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58702.217742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         242604                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             242604                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5107                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5107                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    319023000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    319023000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       247711                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         247711                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020617                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.020617                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62467.789309                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62467.789309                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    308809000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    308809000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020617                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020617                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60467.789309                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60467.789309                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            10                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                10                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           76                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              76                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5416000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5416000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           86                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            86                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.883721                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.883721                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71263.157895                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71263.157895                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           76                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           76                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5264000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5264000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.883721                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.883721                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69263.157895                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69263.157895                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10173195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.414113                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  567450                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  9887                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 57.393547                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.414113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                635500                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               635500                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10173195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10173195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10173195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           14645                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            1992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               16637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          14645                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           1992                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              16637                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         37598                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          8151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             45749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        37598                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8151                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            45749                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2525270000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    546695000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3071965000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2525270000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    546695000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3071965000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        52243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        10143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           62386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        52243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        10143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          62386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.719675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.803608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.733322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.719675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.803608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.733322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67165.008777                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67070.911545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67148.243677                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67165.008777                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67070.911545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67148.243677                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           5192                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 5192                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        45749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37598                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45749                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2450076000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    530393000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2980469000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2450076000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    530393000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2980469000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.719675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.803608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.733322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.719675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.803608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.733322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65165.061971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65070.911545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65148.287394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65165.061971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65070.911545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65148.287394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     48433                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          14645                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           1992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              16637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        37598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8151                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            45749                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2525270000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    546695000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3071965000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        52243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          62386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.719675                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.803608                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.733322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67165.008777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67070.911545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67148.243677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        45749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2450076000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    530393000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2980469000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.719675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.803608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.733322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65165.061971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65070.911545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65148.287394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5672                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5672                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5672                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5672                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10173195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.709557                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  65886                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                48433                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.360353                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   123.181236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   145.131858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   240.396463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.240588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.283461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.469524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          306                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               117003                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              117003                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10173195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                62386                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               62385                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5672                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        25958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       104485                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  130443                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1012160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3343488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  4355648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           261210000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             90746000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            50715000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10173195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10173195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10173195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  10173195000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                15323739000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 212671                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1286692                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   422971                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    14.11                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1086203905                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000202                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5967081                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.015324                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15323739000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            669846                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000202                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5967081                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      570192                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            26                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      366979                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           128                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3977950                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            73                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         15323728                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   15323728                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3840863                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1924014                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       507480                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 310632                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        310632                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               464266                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              243104                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       88715                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5747208                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5747208                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11114349                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4753787                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      570088                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        936268                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     366180                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 53359      0.89%      0.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4713761     79.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     4034      0.07%     79.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     47803      0.80%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4099      0.07%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1828      0.03%     80.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    57521      0.96%     81.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    48474      0.81%     82.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   56803      0.95%     83.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   3085      0.05%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               18220      0.31%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                7288      0.12%     84.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              10932      0.18%     84.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               3644      0.06%     84.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   486775      8.16%     92.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  353027      5.92%     98.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               83313      1.40%     99.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              13153      0.22%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5967119                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    20                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15323739000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15323739000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3896706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3896706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3896706                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3896706                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          81244                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              81244                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         81244                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             81244                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4619955000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   4619955000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4619955000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   4619955000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3977950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3977950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3977950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3977950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.020424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.020424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.020424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.020424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56865.183891                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56865.183891                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56865.183891                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56865.183891                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        81244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         81244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        81244                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        81244                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4457469000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4457469000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4457469000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4457469000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.020424                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020424                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.020424                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020424                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54865.208508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54865.208508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54865.208508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54865.208508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      80992                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3896706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3896706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         81244                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             81244                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4619955000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4619955000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3977950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3977950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.020424                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.020424                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56865.183891                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56865.183891                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        81244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4457469000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4457469000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.020424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54865.208508                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54865.208508                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15323739000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               247.439385                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2675766                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 80992                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 33.037411                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   247.439385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.966560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.966560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.980469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4059193                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4059193                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15323739000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               69291                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              69291                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6610                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       145192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       145192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 145192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4857664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      4857664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 4857664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           102341000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          369599000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15323739000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         3738560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          696064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             4434624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      3738560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        3738560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       423040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           423040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            58415                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            10876                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                69291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          6610                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                6610                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          243971788                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           45423901                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              289395689                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     243971788                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         243971788                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        27606839                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              27606839                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        27606839                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         243971788                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          45423901                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             317002528                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      5099.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     58415.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      9831.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001527068500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           291                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           291                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               146896                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4791                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        69291                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        6610                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      69291                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      6610                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    1045                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1511                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               4151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               3003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              14923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             23467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              3406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              6411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     596039500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   341230000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1875652000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8733.69                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27483.69                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     49038                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     4254                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  71.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 83.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  69291                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  6610                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    68246                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     306                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        20035                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     234.236486                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    155.498113                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    253.817675                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          6717     33.53%     33.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7398     36.93%     70.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2199     10.98%     81.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1255      6.26%     87.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          287      1.43%     89.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          636      3.17%     92.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          219      1.09%     93.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          333      1.66%     95.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          991      4.95%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         20035                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          291                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      232.886598                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      49.647380                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     485.387891                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            229     78.69%     78.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            9      3.09%     81.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            4      1.37%     83.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            5      1.72%     84.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            5      1.72%     86.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            5      1.72%     88.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            5      1.72%     90.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            3      1.03%     91.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            5      1.72%     92.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            3      1.03%     93.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            2      0.69%     94.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.34%     94.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            2      0.69%     95.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            2      0.69%     96.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            7      2.41%     98.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            2      0.69%     99.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            2      0.69%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            291                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          291                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.460481                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.429354                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.034401                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                90     30.93%     30.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 4      1.37%     32.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               172     59.11%     91.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                23      7.90%     99.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 2      0.69%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            291                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 4367744                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    66880                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   325184                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  4434624                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                423040                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        285.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         21.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     289.40                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      27.61                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      2.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    15321627000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      201863.31                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      3738560                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       629184                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       325184                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 243971787.825412601233                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 41059430.730319797993                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 21220930.479173522443                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        58415                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        10876                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         6610                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   1571018750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    304633250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 362321598750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26894.10                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28009.68                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  54814160.17                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     72.66                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              89935440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              47801820                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            289869720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            14683860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1209611520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        6089980890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         755911200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8497794450                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         554.550978                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1912630750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    511680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  12899428250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              53114460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              28231005                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            197406720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            11838960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1209611520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5848210830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         959507040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8307920535                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         542.160143                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2443483750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    511680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  12368575250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15323739000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15323739000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15323739000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           923289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               923289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          923303                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              923303                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          13754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              13754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         13830                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             13830                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    837315000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    837315000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    842731000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    842731000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       937043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           937043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       937133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          937133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014678                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.014678                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.014758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60877.926421                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60877.926421                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60934.996385                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60934.996385                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            7177                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  7177                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         13754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13830                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13830                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    809807000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    809807000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    815071000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    815071000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014758                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014758                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58877.926421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58877.926421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58934.996385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58934.996385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      13574                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          562612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              562612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          7490                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              7490                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    461343000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    461343000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       570102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          570102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013138                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013138                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61594.526035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61594.526035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    446363000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    446363000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59594.526035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59594.526035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         360677                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             360677                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         6264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             6264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    375972000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    375972000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       366941                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         366941                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017071                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.017071                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60021.072797                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60021.072797                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    363444000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    363444000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017071                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017071                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58021.072797                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58021.072797                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            14                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                14                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           76                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              76                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5416000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5416000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           90                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            90                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.844444                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.844444                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71263.157895                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71263.157895                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           76                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           76                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5264000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5264000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.844444                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.844444                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69263.157895                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69263.157895                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15323739000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.947154                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  903059                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 13574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 66.528584                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.947154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                950963                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               950963                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15323739000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15323739000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15323739000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           22828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            2954                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               25782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          22828                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           2954                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              25782                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         58416                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         10876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             69292                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        58416                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10876                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            69292                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3926901000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    733102000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   4660003000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3926901000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    733102000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   4660003000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        81244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        13830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           95074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        81244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        13830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          95074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.719019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.786406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.728822                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.719019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.786406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.728822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67223.038209                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67405.479956                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67251.674075                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67223.038209                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67405.479956                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67251.674075                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6610                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6610                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        58416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        58416                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69292                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3810071000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    711350000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4521421000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3810071000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    711350000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4521421000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.719019                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.786406                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.728822                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.719019                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.786406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.728822                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65223.072446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65405.479956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65251.702938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65223.072446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65405.479956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65251.702938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     73133                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          22828                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           2954                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              25782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        58416                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10876                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            69292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3926901000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    733102000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4660003000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        81244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        13830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          95074                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.719019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.786406                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.728822                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67223.038209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67405.479956                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67251.674075                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        58416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3810071000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    711350000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4521421000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.719019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.786406                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.728822                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65223.072446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65405.479956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65251.702938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7177                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7177                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7177                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7177                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15323739000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.815525                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  99210                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                73133                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.356570                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   116.551106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   145.167469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   248.096951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.227639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.283530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.484564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          324                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               175896                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              175896                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15323739000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                95074                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               95073                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          7177                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        34837                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       162487                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  197324                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1344448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5199552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  6544000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           406215000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            130959000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            69150000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15323739000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15323739000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15323739000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  15323739000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                19246645000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 208226                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1286692                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   414985                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    19.21                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1001879894                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000068                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7972051                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.019247                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 19246645000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            895273                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000068                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7972051                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      763399                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            26                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      485825                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           146                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5300450                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            73                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         19246634                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   19246634                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5136544                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2564395                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       677263                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 421949                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        421949                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               630625                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              330265                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      118994                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7673494                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7673494                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14841380                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6351036                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      763254                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1247995                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     484741                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 72384      0.91%      0.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6293738     78.95%     79.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     5303      0.07%     79.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     64928      0.81%     80.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    5555      0.07%     80.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     2484      0.03%     80.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    78099      0.98%     81.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    65760      0.82%     82.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   77018      0.97%     83.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   4186      0.05%     83.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               24840      0.31%     83.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                9936      0.12%     84.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              14904      0.19%     84.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               4968      0.06%     84.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   649991      8.15%     92.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  466872      5.86%     98.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              113263      1.42%     99.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              17869      0.22%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7972098                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    21                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        20293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           22253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        20293                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1960                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          22253                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data          785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          1026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          241                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data          785                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         1026                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     14625000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     49470000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total     64095000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     14625000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     49470000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total     64095000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        20534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         2745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        23279                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        20534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         2745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        23279                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011737                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.285974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.044074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011737                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.285974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.044074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60684.647303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63019.108280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62470.760234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60684.647303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63019.108280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62470.760234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         1026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          241                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         1026                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     14143000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     47900000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62043000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     14143000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     47900000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62043000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011737                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.285974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044074                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011737                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.285974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044074                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58684.647303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61019.108280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60470.760234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58684.647303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61019.108280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60470.760234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        20293                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1960                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          22253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          785                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         1026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     14625000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     49470000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     64095000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        20534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        23279                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011737                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.285974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.044074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60684.647303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63019.108280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62470.760234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     14143000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     47900000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62043000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.285974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58684.647303                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61019.108280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60470.760234                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         1396                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1396                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         1396                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1396                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19246645000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse          185.612849                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle      15323803000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    55.561865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    42.305144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    87.745840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.000669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.001416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1456                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1246                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.011108                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            26131                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           26131                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19246645000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5190604                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5190604                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5190604                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5190604                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         109846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             109846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        109846                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            109846                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5145306000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5145306000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5145306000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5145306000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5300450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5300450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5300450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5300450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.020724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.020724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.020724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.020724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 46841.086612                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46841.086612                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 46841.086612                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46841.086612                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       109846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        109846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       109846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       109846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4925616000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4925616000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4925616000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4925616000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.020724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.020724                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020724                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 44841.104819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44841.104819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 44841.104819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44841.104819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     109594                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5190604                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5190604                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        109846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            109846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5145306000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5145306000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5300450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5300450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.020724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.020724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 46841.086612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46841.086612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       109846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       109846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4925616000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4925616000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.020724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 44841.104819                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44841.104819                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19246645000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               248.165119                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3546963                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                109594                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 32.364573                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   248.165119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.969395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.969395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.980469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5410295                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5410295                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19246645000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               70317                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              70317                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6610                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       145192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       145192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         2052                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         2052                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 147244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4857664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      4857664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        65664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        65664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 4923328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           103367000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            5473000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          369599000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19246645000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         3753984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          746304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             4500288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      3753984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        3753984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       423040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           423040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            58656                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            11661                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                70317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          6610                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                6610                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          195046150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           38775797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              233821947                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     195046150                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         195046150                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        21979935                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              21979935                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        21979935                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         195046150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          38775797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             255801881                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      5099.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     58656.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     10615.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001527068500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           291                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           291                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               149952                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4791                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        70317                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        6610                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      70317                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      6610                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    1046                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1511                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               4300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               3169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              14977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             23531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              3426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              6419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.24                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     606724750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   346355000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1905556000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8758.71                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27508.71                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     49734                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     4254                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  71.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 83.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  70317                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  6610                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    69271                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     306                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        20363                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     233.681874                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    154.825884                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    254.166001                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          6902     33.89%     33.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7480     36.73%     70.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2218     10.89%     81.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1260      6.19%     87.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          289      1.42%     89.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          641      3.15%     92.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          220      1.08%     93.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          340      1.67%     95.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1013      4.97%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         20363                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          291                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      232.886598                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      49.647380                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     485.387891                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            229     78.69%     78.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            9      3.09%     81.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            4      1.37%     83.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            5      1.72%     84.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            5      1.72%     86.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            5      1.72%     88.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            5      1.72%     90.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            3      1.03%     91.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            5      1.72%     92.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            3      1.03%     93.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            2      0.69%     94.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.34%     94.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            2      0.69%     95.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            2      0.69%     96.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            7      2.41%     98.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            2      0.69%     99.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            2      0.69%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            291                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          291                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.460481                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.429354                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.034401                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                90     30.93%     30.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 4      1.37%     32.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               172     59.11%     91.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                23      7.90%     99.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 2      0.69%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            291                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 4433344                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    66944                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   325184                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  4500288                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                423040                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        230.34                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         16.90                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     233.82                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      21.98                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.93                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    19243175000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      250148.52                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      3753984                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       679360                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       325184                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 195046149.601657837629                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 35297580.435447320342                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 16895619.989873558283                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        58656                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        11661                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         6610                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   1577604000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    327952000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 362321598750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26895.87                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28123.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  54814160.17                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     72.59                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              90506640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              48105420                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            291076380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            14683860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1518775440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        6232516800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2142276480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10337941020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         537.129511                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5515456750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    642460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  13088728250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              54892320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              29172165                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            203518560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            11838960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1518775440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6275775240                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2105848320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10199821005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         529.953195                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5419139500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    642460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  13185045500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19246645000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19246645000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19246645000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1231601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1231601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1231619                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1231619                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          17482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              17482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         17558                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             17558                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    952144000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    952144000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    957560000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    957560000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1249083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1249083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1249177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1249177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.013996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.014056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54464.248942                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54464.248942                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54536.963208                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54536.963208                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            8664                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  8664                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         17482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17558                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        17558                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    917180000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    917180000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    922444000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    922444000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52464.248942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52464.248942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52536.963208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52536.963208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      17302                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          753232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              753232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         10073                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             10073                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    519688000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    519688000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       763305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          763305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51592.177107                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51592.177107                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    499542000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    499542000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49592.177107                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49592.177107                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         478369                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             478369                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         7409                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             7409                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    432456000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    432456000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       485778                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         485778                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015252                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015252                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58369.010663                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58369.010663                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7409                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         7409                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    417638000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    417638000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015252                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015252                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56369.010663                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56369.010663                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            18                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                18                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           76                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              76                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5416000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5416000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           94                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            94                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.808511                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.808511                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71263.157895                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71263.157895                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           76                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           76                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5264000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5264000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.808511                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.808511                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69263.157895                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69263.157895                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19246645000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.161748                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1185539                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 17302                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 68.520344                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.161748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1266735                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1266735                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19246645000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19246645000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19246645000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           30896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               34833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          30896                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3937                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              34833                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         78950                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         13621                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             92571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        78950                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        13621                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            92571                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4207986000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    816687000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   5024673000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4207986000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    816687000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   5024673000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       109846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        17558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          127404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       109846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        17558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         127404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.718733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.775772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.726594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.718733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.775772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.726594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53299.379354                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59957.932604                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54279.126292                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53299.379354                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59957.932604                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54279.126292                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           8006                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8006                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        78950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        92571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        78950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13621                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        92571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4050088000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    789445000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4839533000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4050088000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    789445000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4839533000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.718733                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.775772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.726594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.718733                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.775772                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.726594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51299.404687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57957.932604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52279.147897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51299.404687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57957.932604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52279.147897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     97510                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          30896                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              34833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        78950                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        13621                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            92571                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4207986000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    816687000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5024673000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       109846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        17558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         127404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.718733                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.775772                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.726594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53299.379354                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59957.932604                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54279.126292                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        78950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        92571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4050088000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    789445000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4839533000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.718733                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.775772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.726594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51299.404687                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57957.932604                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52279.147897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8664                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8664                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8664                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8664                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19246645000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.260771                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 133064                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                97510                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.364619                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   118.945611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   144.583692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   246.731469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.232316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.282390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.481897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          220                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          238                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               234090                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              234090                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19246645000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               127404                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              127403                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          8664                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        43780                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       219691                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  263471                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1678208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7030080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  8708288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           549225000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            170724000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            87790000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19246645000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19246645000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19246645000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  19246645000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                23209229000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 198742                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1286956                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   397051                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    25.16                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              922519649                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000003                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9989194                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.023209                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 23209229000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1120493                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9989194                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      954555                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            26                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      610207                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           198                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6623795                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            73                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         23209218                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   23209218                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6449215                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3205384                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       846413                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 525965                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        525965                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               785028                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              411129                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      150643                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9616293                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9616293                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18602294                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7959518                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      954307                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1563145                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     608838                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 91526      0.92%      0.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7887981     78.96%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     6570      0.07%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     80559      0.81%     80.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    6930      0.07%     80.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     3984      0.04%     80.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    99825      1.00%     81.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    84402      0.84%     82.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   97655      0.98%     83.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   5068      0.05%     83.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               28010      0.28%     84.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               11204      0.11%     84.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              16806      0.17%     84.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               5602      0.06%     84.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   814183      8.15%     92.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  586313      5.87%     98.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              140124      1.40%     99.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              22525      0.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9989267                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    38                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        41234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         4433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           45667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        41234                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         4433                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          45667                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          2010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          431                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1579                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         2010                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     26009000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     96902000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    122911000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     26009000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     96902000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    122911000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        41665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        47677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        41665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        47677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010344                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.262641                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.042159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.262641                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.042159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60345.707657                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61369.221026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61149.751244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60345.707657                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61369.221026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61149.751244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         2010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          431                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         2010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     25147000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     93744000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    118891000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     25147000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     93744000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    118891000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010344                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.262641                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042159                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010344                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.262641                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042159                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58345.707657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59369.221026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59149.751244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58345.707657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59369.221026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59149.751244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        41234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         4433                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          45667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          431                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         2010                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     26009000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     96902000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    122911000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        41665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6012                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        47677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010344                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.262641                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.042159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60345.707657                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61369.221026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61149.751244                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     25147000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     93744000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    118891000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010344                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.262641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58345.707657                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59369.221026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59149.751244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3138                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3138                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3138                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3138                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23209229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse          493.322025                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle      15323803000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   119.490854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    99.216939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   274.614231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.002095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.003764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2440                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2248                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.018616                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            53255                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           53255                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23209229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6483955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6483955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6483955                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6483955                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         139840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             139840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        139840                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            139840                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5690826000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5690826000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5690826000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5690826000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6623795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6623795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6623795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6623795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40695.266018                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40695.266018                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40695.266018                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40695.266018                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       139840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        139840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       139840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       139840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5411148000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5411148000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5411148000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5411148000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38695.280320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38695.280320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38695.280320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38695.280320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     139587                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6483955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6483955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        139840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            139840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5690826000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5690826000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6623795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6623795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40695.266018                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40695.266018                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       139840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       139840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5411148000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5411148000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38695.280320                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38695.280320                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23209229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               248.704794                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 5734916                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                139587                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 41.084886                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   248.704794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.971503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.971503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          252                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.984375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6763634                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6763634                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23209229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               71301                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              71301                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6610                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       145192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       145192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         4020                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         4020                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 149212                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4857664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      4857664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       128640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       128640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 4986304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           104351000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           10693250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          369599000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23209229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         3766144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          797120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             4563264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      3766144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        3766144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       423040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           423040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            58846                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            12455                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                71301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          6610                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                6610                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          162269242                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           34344958                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              196614200                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     162269242                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         162269242                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        18227232                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              18227232                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        18227232                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         162269242                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          34344958                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             214841432                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      5099.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     58846.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     11409.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001527068500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           291                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           291                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               152938                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4791                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        71301                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        6610                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      71301                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      6610                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    1046                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1511                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               4310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               3192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              15080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             23706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              3563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              6433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.35                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     614318500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   351275000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1931599750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8744.12                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27494.12                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     50498                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     4254                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  71.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 83.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  71301                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  6610                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    70255                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     306                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        20583                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     234.240684                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    155.164808                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    254.424363                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          6965     33.84%     33.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7546     36.66%     70.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2251     10.94%     81.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1281      6.22%     87.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          297      1.44%     89.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          646      3.14%     92.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          227      1.10%     93.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          347      1.69%     95.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1023      4.97%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         20583                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          291                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      232.886598                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      49.647380                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     485.387891                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            229     78.69%     78.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            9      3.09%     81.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            4      1.37%     83.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            5      1.72%     84.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            5      1.72%     86.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            5      1.72%     88.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            5      1.72%     90.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            3      1.03%     91.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            5      1.72%     92.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            3      1.03%     93.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            2      0.69%     94.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.34%     94.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            2      0.69%     95.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            2      0.69%     96.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            7      2.41%     98.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            2      0.69%     99.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            2      0.69%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            291                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          291                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.460481                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.429354                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.034401                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                90     30.93%     30.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 4      1.37%     32.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               172     59.11%     91.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                23      7.90%     99.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 2      0.69%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            291                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 4496320                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    66944                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   325184                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  4563264                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                423040                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        193.73                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         14.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     196.61                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      18.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.62                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    23203973000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      297826.66                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      3766144                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       730176                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       325184                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 162269242.119158715010                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 31460588.371979095042                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 14010978.132879812270                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        58846                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        12455                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         6610                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   1582654000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    348945750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 362321598750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26894.84                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28016.52                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  54814160.17                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     72.66                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              91420560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              48591180                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            295224720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            14683860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1831627200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        6470622900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3463398720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12215569140                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         526.323780                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8947809750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    774800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  13486619250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              55549200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              29521305                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            206395980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            11838960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1831627200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6481985850                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3453829920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         12070748415                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         520.083990                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8921547000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    774800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  13512882000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23209229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23209229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23209229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1542568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1542568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1542587                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1542587                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          22026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              22026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         22102                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             22102                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1079254000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1079254000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1084670000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1084670000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1564594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1564594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1564689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1564689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.014078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.014125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48999.091982                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48999.091982                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49075.649263                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49075.649263                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10428                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10428                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         22026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        22102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1035202000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1035202000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1040466000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1040466000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014078                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014078                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46999.091982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46999.091982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47075.649263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47075.649263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      21846                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          941257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              941257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         13203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             13203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    577668000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    577668000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       954460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          954460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43752.783458                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43752.783458                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    551262000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    551262000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013833                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013833                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41752.783458                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41752.783458                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         601311                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             601311                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8823                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8823                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    501586000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    501586000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       610134                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         610134                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014461                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.014461                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56849.824323                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56849.824323                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8823                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8823                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    483940000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    483940000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014461                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014461                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54849.824323                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54849.824323                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            19                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                19                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           76                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              76                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5416000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5416000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           95                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            95                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.800000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.800000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71263.157895                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71263.157895                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           76                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           76                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5264000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5264000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69263.157895                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69263.157895                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23209229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.304865                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1553853                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 21846                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 71.127575                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.304865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1586791                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1586791                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23209229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23209229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23209229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           39759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            5214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               44973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          39759                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           5214                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              44973                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        100081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         16888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            116969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       100081                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        16888                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           116969                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4493693000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    905002000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   5398695000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4493693000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    905002000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   5398695000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       139840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        22102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          161942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       139840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        22102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         161942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.715682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.764094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.722289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.715682                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.764094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.722289                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 44900.560546                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53588.465182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46154.921389                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 44900.560546                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53588.465182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46154.921389                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           9748                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 9748                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       100081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       116969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       100081                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       116969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4293533000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    871226000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5164759000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4293533000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    871226000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5164759000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.715682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.764094                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.722289                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.715682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.764094                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.722289                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 42900.580530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51588.465182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44154.938488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 42900.580530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51588.465182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44154.938488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    123165                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          39759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           5214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              44973                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       100081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        16888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           116969                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4493693000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    905002000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5398695000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       139840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        22102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         161942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.715682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.764094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.722289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 44900.560546                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53588.465182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46154.921389                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       100081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       116969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4293533000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    871226000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5164759000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.715682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.764094                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.722289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 42900.580530                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51588.465182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44154.938488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10428                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10428                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10428                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10428                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23209229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.557715                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 170125                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               123165                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.381277                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   114.696266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   155.478982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   240.382468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.224016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.303670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.469497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               296047                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              296047                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23209229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               161942                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              161941                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10428                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        54632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       279679                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  334311                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2081920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8949696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 11031616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           699195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            214082000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           110510000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23209229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23209229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23209229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  23209229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                27133542000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 199620                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1286956                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   399480                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    30.06                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              902721420                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000027                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      12007350                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.027134                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 27133542000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1346389                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000027                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      12007350                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1146780                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            26                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      731668                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           226                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7946361                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            73                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         27133531                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   27133531                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7763021                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3846903                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1016068                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 633672                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        633672                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               945590                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              495156                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      181971                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11557648                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11557648                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22359403                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9569127                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1146455                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1876468                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     730013                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                110993      0.92%      0.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9481652     78.96%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     7813      0.07%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     96932      0.81%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    8337      0.07%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     5444      0.05%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   121334      1.01%     81.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   103144      0.86%     82.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  118448      0.99%     83.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   6054      0.05%     83.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               32190      0.27%     84.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               12876      0.11%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              19314      0.16%     84.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               6438      0.05%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   978114      8.15%     92.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  702871      5.85%     98.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              168341      1.40%     99.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              27142      0.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   12007437                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    46                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        62094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         7027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           69121                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        62094                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         7027                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          69121                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          447                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         2233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          2680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          447                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2233                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         2680                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     26967000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    134619000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    161586000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     26967000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    134619000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    161586000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        62541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        71801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        62541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        71801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.241145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.241145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60328.859060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60286.162114                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60293.283582                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60328.859060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60286.162114                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60293.283582                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         2680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         2680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     26073000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    130153000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    156226000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     26073000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    130153000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    156226000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.241145                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037325                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.241145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037325                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58328.859060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58286.162114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58293.283582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58328.859060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58286.162114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58293.283582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        62094                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         7027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          69121                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          447                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2233                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         2680                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     26967000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    134619000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    161586000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        62541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        71801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.241145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60328.859060                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60286.162114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60293.283582                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     26073000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    130153000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    156226000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.241145                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58328.859060                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58286.162114                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58293.283582                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4653                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4653                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4653                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4653                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27133542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse          822.005075                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle      15323803000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   164.399664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   147.423819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   510.181592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.003892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.006271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1964                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          933                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.023727                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            79564                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           79564                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27133542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7777212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7777212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7777212                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7777212                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         169149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             169149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        169149                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            169149                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6214960000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6214960000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6214960000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6214960000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7946361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7946361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7946361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7946361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36742.516953                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36742.516953                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36742.516953                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36742.516953                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       169149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        169149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       169149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       169149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5876664000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5876664000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5876664000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5876664000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34742.528776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34742.528776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34742.528776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34742.528776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     168896                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7777212                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7777212                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        169149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            169149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6214960000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6214960000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7946361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7946361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36742.516953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36742.516953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       169149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       169149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5876664000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5876664000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34742.528776                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34742.528776                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27133542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               249.181378                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6803593                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                168896                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 40.282736                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   249.181378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.973365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.973365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          252                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.984375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               8115509                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              8115509                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27133542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               71971                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              71971                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6610                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       145192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       145192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         5360                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         5360                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 150552                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4857664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      4857664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       171520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       171520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 5029184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           105021000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           14237250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          369599000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27133542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         3767168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          838976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             4606144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      3767168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        3767168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       423040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           423040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            58862                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            13109                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                71971                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          6610                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                6610                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          138838048                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           30920254                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              169758301                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     138838048                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         138838048                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        15591035                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              15591035                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        15591035                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         138838048                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          30920254                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             185349336                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      5099.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     58862.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     12063.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001527068500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           291                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           291                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               155286                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4791                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        71971                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        6610                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      71971                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      6610                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    1046                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1511                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               4312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               3259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              15146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             23764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              3564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              6433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       21.72                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     618127000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   354625000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1947970750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8715.22                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27465.22                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     51057                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     4254                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  71.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 83.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  71971                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  6610                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    70925                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     306                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        20695                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     235.051172                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    155.557096                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    255.161552                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          6991     33.78%     33.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7571     36.58%     70.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2265     10.94%     81.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1295      6.26%     87.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          302      1.46%     89.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          653      3.16%     92.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          230      1.11%     93.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          350      1.69%     94.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1038      5.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         20695                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          291                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      232.886598                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      49.647380                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     485.387891                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            229     78.69%     78.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            9      3.09%     81.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            4      1.37%     83.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            5      1.72%     84.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            5      1.72%     86.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            5      1.72%     88.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            5      1.72%     90.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            3      1.03%     91.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            5      1.72%     92.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            3      1.03%     93.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            2      0.69%     94.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.34%     94.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            2      0.69%     95.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            2      0.69%     96.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            7      2.41%     98.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            2      0.69%     99.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            2      0.69%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            291                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          291                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.460481                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.429354                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.034401                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                90     30.93%     30.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 4      1.37%     32.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               172     59.11%     91.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                23      7.90%     99.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 2      0.69%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            291                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 4539200                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    66944                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   325184                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  4606144                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                423040                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        167.29                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         11.98                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     169.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      15.59                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    27115130000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      345059.62                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      3767168                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       772032                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       325184                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 138838047.756536900997                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 28453048.997436456382                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 11984576.138271959499                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        58862                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        13109                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         6610                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   1583077750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    364893000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 362321598750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26894.73                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27835.30                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  54814160.17                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     72.75                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              91784700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              48784725                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            297552360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            14683860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2141405760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        6611101680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4852036800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         14057349885                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         518.080164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12556535000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    905840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  13671167000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              55977600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              29752800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            208852140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            11838960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2141405760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6664636650                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4806954720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         13919418630                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         512.996741                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12437629000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    905840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  13790073000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27133542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27133542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27133542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1851857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1851857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1851879                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1851879                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          26406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              26406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         26482                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             26482                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1194366000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1194366000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1199782000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1199782000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1878263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1878263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1878361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1878361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.014059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.014098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45230.856623                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45230.856623                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45305.566045                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45305.566045                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           12112                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 12112                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         26406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26482                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        26482                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1141554000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1141554000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1146818000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1146818000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014059                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014059                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43230.856623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43230.856623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43305.566045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43305.566045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      26226                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1130431                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1130431                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         16251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             16251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    632877000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    632877000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1146682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1146682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.014172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38943.880377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38943.880377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    600375000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    600375000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014172                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014172                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36943.880377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36943.880377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         721426                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             721426                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10155                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10155                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    561489000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    561489000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       731581                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         731581                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013881                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.013881                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55291.875923                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55291.875923                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    541179000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    541179000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013881                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013881                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53291.875923                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53291.875923                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            22                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                22                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           76                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              76                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5416000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5416000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.775510                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.775510                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71263.157895                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71263.157895                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           76                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           76                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5264000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5264000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.775510                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.775510                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69263.157895                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69263.157895                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27133542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.405402                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1837030                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 26226                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 70.046137                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.405402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          160                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1904843                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1904843                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27133542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27133542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27133542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           48192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               54538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          48192                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6346                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              54538                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        120957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         20136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            141093                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       120957                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        20136                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           141093                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4766007000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    983635000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   5749642000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4766007000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    983635000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   5749642000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       169149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        26482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          195631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       169149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        26482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         195631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.715091                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.760366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.721220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.715091                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.760366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.721220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39402.490141                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48849.572904                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40750.724699                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39402.490141                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48849.572904                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40750.724699                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          11263                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                11263                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       120957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       141093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       120957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       141093                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4524095000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    943363000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5467458000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4524095000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    943363000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5467458000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.715091                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.760366                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.721220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.715091                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.760366                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.721220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37402.506676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46849.572904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38750.738874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37402.506676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46849.572904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38750.738874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    148630                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          48192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6346                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              54538                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       120957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        20136                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           141093                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4766007000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    983635000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5749642000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       169149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        26482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         195631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.715091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.760366                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.721220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39402.490141                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48849.572904                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40750.724699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       120957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       141093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4524095000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    943363000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5467458000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.715091                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.760366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.721220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37402.506676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46849.572904                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38750.738874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12112                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12112                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12112                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12112                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27133542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.766312                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 205552                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               148630                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.382978                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   113.415162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   161.354623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   235.996527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.221514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.315146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.460931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          189                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          194                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               356885                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              356885                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27133542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               195631                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              195630                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         12112                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        65076                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       338297                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  403373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2470016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     10825472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 13295488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           845740000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            256191000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           132410000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27133542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27133542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27133542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  27133542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                31066128000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 194657                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1286956                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   390133                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    35.96                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              863887545                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      14029502                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.031066                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 31066128000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1571860                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      14029502                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1340058                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            26                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      853224                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           260                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9267832                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            73                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         31066128                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   31066128                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              9085606                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4487743                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1185254                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 744418                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        744418                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              1111889                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              581937                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      213530                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13500960                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13500960                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            26119963                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           11178718                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1339637                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2190920                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     851283                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                130525      0.93%      0.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  11076629     78.95%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     9047      0.06%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                    112605      0.80%     80.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    9711      0.07%     80.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     7386      0.05%     80.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   143223      1.02%     81.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   122642      0.87%     82.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  139476      0.99%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   6988      0.05%     83.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               36570      0.26%     84.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               14628      0.10%     84.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              21942      0.16%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               7314      0.05%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1142198      8.14%     92.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  819568      5.84%     98.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              197439      1.41%     99.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              31715      0.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   14029606                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    57                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        82902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         9894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           92796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        82902                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         9894                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          92796                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          447                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         2910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3357                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          447                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2910                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3357                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     26967000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    173548000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    200515000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     26967000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    173548000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    200515000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        83349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        12804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        96153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        83349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        12804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        96153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.227273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.034913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.227273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.034913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60328.859060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59638.487973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59730.414060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60328.859060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59638.487973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59730.414060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3357                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     26073000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    167728000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    193801000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     26073000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    167728000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    193801000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.227273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.227273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034913                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58328.859060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57638.487973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57730.414060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58328.859060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57638.487973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57730.414060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        82902                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         9894                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          92796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          447                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2910                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3357                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     26967000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    173548000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    200515000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        83349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        12804                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        96153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005363                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.227273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60328.859060                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59638.487973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59730.414060                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     26073000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    167728000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    193801000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.227273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034913                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58328.859060                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57638.487973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57730.414060                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6310                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6310                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6310                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6310                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31066128000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1152.503078                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             102463                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             3787                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            27.056509                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle      15323803000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   198.021368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   185.346443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   769.135267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.005868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.008793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3787                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1707                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1920                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.028893                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           106250                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          106250                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31066128000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9069383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9069383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9069383                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9069383                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         198449                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             198449                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        198449                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            198449                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6737759000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6737759000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6737759000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6737759000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9267832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9267832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9267832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9267832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33952.093485                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33952.093485                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33952.093485                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33952.093485                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       198449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        198449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       198449                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       198449                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6340861000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6340861000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6340861000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6340861000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31952.093485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31952.093485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31952.093485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31952.093485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     198197                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9069383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9069383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        198449                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            198449                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6737759000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6737759000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9267832                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9267832                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33952.093485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33952.093485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       198449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       198449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6340861000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6340861000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31952.093485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31952.093485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31066128000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               249.538181                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9267832                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                198449                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 46.701329                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   249.538181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.974759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.974759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          252                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.984375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9466281                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9466281                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31066128000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               72648                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              72648                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6610                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       145192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       145192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         6714                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         6714                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 151906                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4857664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      4857664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       214848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       214848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 5072512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           105698000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           17816750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          369599000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31066128000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         3767168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          882304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             4649472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      3767168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        3767168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       423040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           423040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            58862                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            13786                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                72648                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          6610                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                6610                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          121262875                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           28400836                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              149663711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     121262875                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         121262875                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        13617403                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              13617403                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        13617403                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         121262875                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          28400836                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             163281114                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      5099.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     58862.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     12740.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001527068500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           291                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           291                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               157650                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4791                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        72648                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        6610                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      72648                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      6610                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    1046                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1511                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               4398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               3259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              15146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             23834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              3631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              6561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       21.25                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     621826750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   358010000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1964364250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8684.49                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27434.49                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     51620                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     4254                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  72.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 83.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  72648                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  6610                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    71602                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     306                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        20809                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     235.845644                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    156.002432                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    255.722796                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          7012     33.70%     33.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7598     36.51%     70.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2280     10.96%     81.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1314      6.31%     87.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          314      1.51%     88.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          654      3.14%     92.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          233      1.12%     93.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          352      1.69%     94.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1052      5.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         20809                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          291                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      232.886598                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      49.647380                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     485.387891                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            229     78.69%     78.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            9      3.09%     81.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            4      1.37%     83.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            5      1.72%     84.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            5      1.72%     86.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            5      1.72%     88.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            5      1.72%     90.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            3      1.03%     91.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            5      1.72%     92.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            3      1.03%     93.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            2      0.69%     94.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.34%     94.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            2      0.69%     95.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            2      0.69%     96.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            7      2.41%     98.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            2      0.69%     99.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            2      0.69%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            291                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          291                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.460481                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.429354                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.034401                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                90     30.93%     30.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 4      1.37%     32.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               172     59.11%     91.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                23      7.90%     99.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 2      0.69%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            291                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 4582528                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    66944                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   325184                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  4649472                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                423040                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        147.51                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         10.47                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     149.66                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      13.62                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    31056367000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      391838.89                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      3767168                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       815360                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       325184                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 121262875.115946218371                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 26245948.642199635506                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 10467477.633517766371                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        58862                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        13786                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         6610                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   1583077750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    381286500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 362321598750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26894.73                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27657.51                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  54814160.17                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     72.85                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              92170260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              48989655                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            299922840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            14683860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2451798960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        6770056440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6228293280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         15905915295                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         512.001859                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16132944000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1037140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  13896044000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              56406000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              29980500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            211315440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            11838960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2451798960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6847098780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6163415520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         15771854160                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         507.686512                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15962400500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1037140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  14066587500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31066128000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31066128000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31066128000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2161725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2161725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2161751                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2161751                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          31351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              31351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         31427                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             31427                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1320310000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1320310000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1325726000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1325726000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2193076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2193076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2193178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2193178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.014295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.014329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42113.808172                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42113.808172                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42184.300124                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42184.300124                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           13915                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 13915                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        31351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         31351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        31427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        31427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1257608000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1257608000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1262872000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1262872000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014295                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014295                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40113.808172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40113.808172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40184.300124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40184.300124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      31171                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1320164                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1320164                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         19792                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             19792                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    696182000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    696182000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1339956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1339956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.014771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35174.919159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35174.919159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    656598000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    656598000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33174.919159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33174.919159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         841561                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             841561                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        11559                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            11559                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    624128000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    624128000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       853120                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         853120                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013549                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.013549                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53994.982265                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53994.982265                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11559                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        11559                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    601010000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    601010000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013549                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013549                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51994.982265                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51994.982265                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            26                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                26                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           76                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              76                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5416000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5416000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          102                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           102                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.745098                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.745098                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71263.157895                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71263.157895                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           76                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           76                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5264000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5264000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.745098                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.745098                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69263.157895                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69263.157895                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31066128000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.480671                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2193178                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 31427                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 69.786426                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.480671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2224605                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2224605                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31066128000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31066128000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31066128000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           56685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               64432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          56685                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7747                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              64432                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        141764                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         23680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            165444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       141764                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        23680                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           165444                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5036511000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1067282000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6103793000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5036511000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1067282000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6103793000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       198449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        31427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          229876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       198449                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        31427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         229876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.714360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753492                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.719710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.714360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753492                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.719710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35527.432917                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45071.030405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36893.408041                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35527.432917                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45071.030405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36893.408041                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          12920                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                12920                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       141764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       165444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       141764                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       165444                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4752983000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1019922000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5772905000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4752983000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1019922000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5772905000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.714360                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753492                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.719710                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.714360                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753492                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.719710                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33527.432917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43071.030405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34893.408041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33527.432917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43071.030405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34893.408041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    174309                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          56685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              64432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       141764                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        23680                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           165444                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5036511000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1067282000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6103793000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       198449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        31427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         229876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.714360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753492                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.719710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35527.432917                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45071.030405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36893.408041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       141764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       165444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4752983000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1019922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5772905000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.714360                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753492                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.719710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33527.432917                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43071.030405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34893.408041                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        13915                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        13915                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        13915                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13915                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31066128000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.922482                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 243791                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               174821                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.394518                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   114.020049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   167.505550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   229.396883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.222695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.327159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.448041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          161                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          229                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               418612                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              418612                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31066128000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               229876                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              229876                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         13915                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        76769                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       396898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  473667                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2901888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     12700736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 15602624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           992245000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            299451000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           157135000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31066128000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31066128000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31066128000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  31066128000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
