
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                40740908000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 584743                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 703184                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                  1091592                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    17.10                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             2382270368                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                    10000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      18668059                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.040741                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 40740908000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1141235                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                    10000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      18668059                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1811695                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      356578                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           265                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                    14665294                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            95                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         40740908                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   40740908                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5915138                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4861795                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       811873                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                8247640                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       8247640                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             14418264                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             7916966                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      218494                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              12470198                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     12470198                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            21938106                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9335082                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1811689                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2168265                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     356576                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 18822      0.10%      0.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  11161225     59.79%     59.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1565      0.01%     59.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95123      0.51%     60.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  766080      4.10%     64.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     64.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     64.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     64.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     64.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     64.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      916      0.00%     64.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     64.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   434680      2.33%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2058      0.01%     66.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  542803      2.91%     69.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     69.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     69.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    592      0.00%     69.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     69.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     69.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     69.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd             1627637      8.72%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              433330      2.32%     80.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv              216384      1.16%     81.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            1198707      6.42%     88.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     88.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     88.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     88.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     88.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     88.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     88.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     88.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     88.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     88.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     88.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     88.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     88.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     88.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     88.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   290000      1.55%     89.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  352012      1.89%     91.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead             1521689      8.15%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               4564      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   18668187                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    25                       # Number of system calls
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        15733                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2845                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.tot_requests          32433                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             2845                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests          847                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         10210                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1448                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              847                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              7915                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             7915                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1448                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.DynamicCache.mem_side::system.mem_delay-slave        19573                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.DynamicCache.mem_side::total        19573                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  19573                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.DynamicCache.mem_side::system.mem_delay-slave       599232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.DynamicCache.mem_side::total       599232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  599232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              9363                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    9363    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                9363                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            10210000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           50597750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  40740908000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         14663906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total             14663906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        14663906                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total            14663906                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1388                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1388                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    876247000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    876247000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    876247000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    876247000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst     14665294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total         14665294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst     14665294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total        14665294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000095                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000095                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000095                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000095                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 631301.873199                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 631301.873199                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 631301.873199                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 631301.873199                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    873471000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    873471000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    873471000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    873471000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 629301.873199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 629301.873199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 629301.873199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 629301.873199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        927                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        14663906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            14663906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1388                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1388                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    876247000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    876247000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst     14665294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        14665294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000095                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000095                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 631301.873199                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 631301.873199                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    873471000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    873471000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 629301.873199                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 629301.873199                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  40740908000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               454.464009                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                14665294                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1388                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs              10565.773775                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                729000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   454.464009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.887625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.887625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          461                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          460                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.900391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses              14666682                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses             14666682                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  40740908000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_delay.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  40740908000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           76288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          522944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              599232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        76288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          76288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1192                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             8171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 9363                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1872516                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           12835845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               14708361                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1872516                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1872516                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1872516                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          12835845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              14708361                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1192.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      8171.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                29190                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         9363                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       9363                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     156295500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    46815000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                331851750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      16692.89                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 35442.89                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3433                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  36.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   9363                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     9362                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5929                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     101.057177                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     88.089540                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     77.893918                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::64-127         3603     60.77%     60.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-191         2018     34.04%     94.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::192-255          111      1.87%     96.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-319           34      0.57%     97.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::320-383           38      0.64%     97.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-447           25      0.42%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::448-511           17      0.29%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-575           12      0.20%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::576-639           13      0.22%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-703           56      0.94%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::704-767            2      0.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5929                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  599232                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   599232                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         14.71                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      14.71                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    40737929000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     4350948.31                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        76288                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       522944                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1872515.948834522860                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 12835845.484837992117                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1192                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         8171                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     34626500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    297225250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29049.08                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     36375.63                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     36.67                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              23940420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              12720840                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             32901120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      3215796480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        7180096200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        9598112160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         20063567220                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         492.467355                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  24880994500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1360320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  14499593500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              18399780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               9779715                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             33950700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      3215796480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5193510540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       11271026400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         19742463615                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         484.585754                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  29247588500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1360320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  10132999500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  40740908000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                7028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            146                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6882                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               7028                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1242                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          8430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              9672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1242                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8430                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             9672                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    866228000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5988023000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6854251000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    866228000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5988023000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6854251000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        15312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           16700                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        15312                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          16700                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.894813                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.550549                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.579162                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.894813                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.550549                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.579162                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 697446.054750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 710323.013049                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 708669.458230                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 697446.054750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 710323.013049                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 708669.458230                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           3907                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 3907                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1242                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9672                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    841388000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5819423000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6660811000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    841388000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5819423000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6660811000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.894813                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.550549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.579162                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.894813                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.550549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.579162                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 677446.054750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 690323.013049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 688669.458230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 677446.054750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 690323.013049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 688669.458230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      6202                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12571                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12571                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12571                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12571                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks          452                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          452                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::.cpu.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::.cpu.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total             4                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::.cpu.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       288000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       288000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        72000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        72000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data         3714                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total             3714                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data         7941                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total           7941                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5780037000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   5780037000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11655                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total        11655                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.681338                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.681338                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 727872.686060                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 727872.686060                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7941                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         7941                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5621217000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5621217000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.681338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.681338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 707872.686060                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 707872.686060                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.inst          146                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data         3168                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         3314                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1242                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data          489                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1731                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    866228000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    207986000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   1074214000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1388                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3657                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5045                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.894813                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.133716                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.343112                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 697446.054750                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 425329.243354                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 620574.234547                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1242                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          489                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1731                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    841388000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    198206000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1039594000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.894813                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.133716                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 677446.054750                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 405329.243354                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 600574.234547                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  40740908000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             3366.257307                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  31976                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                10298                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 3.105069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle               708000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    54.328588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   200.170052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3111.758668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.013264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.048870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.759707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.821840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1617                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2297                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                42730                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               42730                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  40740908000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.l3Dram.demand_hits::.cpu.inst               47                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3Dram.demand_hits::.cpu.data              253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3Dram.demand_hits::total                  300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3Dram.overall_hits::.cpu.inst              47                       # number of overall hits
system.l3Dram.overall_hits::.cpu.data             253                       # number of overall hits
system.l3Dram.overall_hits::total                 300                       # number of overall hits
system.l3Dram.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3Dram.demand_misses::.cpu.data           8177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3Dram.demand_misses::total               9372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3Dram.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1195                       # number of overall misses
system.l3Dram.overall_misses::.cpu.data          8177                       # number of overall misses
system.l3Dram.overall_misses::total              9372                       # number of overall misses
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    812909000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5629490000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_latency::total   6442399000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    812909000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5629490000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_latency::total   6442399000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_accesses::total             9672                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_accesses::total            9672                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.962158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.969988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_rate::total        0.968983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.962158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.969988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_rate::total       0.968983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 680258.577406                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 688454.200807                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 687409.197610                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 680258.577406                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 688454.200807                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 687409.197610                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3Dram.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3Dram.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3Dram.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3Dram.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3Dram.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3Dram.writebacks::.writebacks             338                       # number of writebacks
system.l3Dram.writebacks::total                   338                       # number of writebacks
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_misses::total          9372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_misses::total         9372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    751964000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5212463000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5964427000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    751964000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5212463000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5964427000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.962158                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.969988                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.968983                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.962158                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.969988                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.968983                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 629258.577406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 637454.200807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 636409.197610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 629258.577406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 637454.200807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 636409.197610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.replacements                       1912                       # number of replacements
system.l3Dram.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3907                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3Dram.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3907                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3Dram.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3907                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3907                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks          378                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          378                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l3Dram.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l3Dram.UpgradeReq_hits::.cpu.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l3Dram.UpgradeReq_hits::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l3Dram.UpgradeReq_accesses::.cpu.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data            26                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_hits::total                26                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data         7915                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_misses::total            7915                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5453130000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   5453130000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7941                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_accesses::total          7941                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996726                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.996726                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 688961.465572                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 688961.465572                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7915                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         7915                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5049465000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5049465000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 637961.465572                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 637961.465572                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.inst           47                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           274                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1195                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data          262                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1457                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    812909000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    176360000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    989269000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1242                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data          489                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1731                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.962158                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.535787                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.841710                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 680258.577406                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 673129.770992                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 678976.664379                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1195                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          262                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1457                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    751964000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    162998000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    914962000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.962158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.535787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.841710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 629258.577406                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 622129.770992                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 627976.664379                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  40740908000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3Dram.tags.tagsinuse              4845.335587                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l3Dram.tags.total_refs                   14419                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3Dram.tags.sampled_refs                  9560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l3Dram.tags.avg_refs                  1.508264                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3Dram.tags.warmup_cycle                657000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   105.401771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   561.969065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4177.964750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.012866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.068600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.510005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_percent::total        0.591472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7648                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1621                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5847                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.933594                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.tag_accesses                 24357                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l3Dram.tags.data_accesses                24357                       # Number of data accesses
system.l3Dram.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  40740908000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2152808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2152808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2152816                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2152816                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          15316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              15316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         15329                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             15329                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6231201000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   6231201000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6231201000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   6231201000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2168124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2168124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2168145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2168145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 406842.582920                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 406842.582920                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 406497.553656                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 406497.553656                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           12571                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 12571                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total               3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.data            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total              3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         15313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6199695000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6199695000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6203284000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6203284000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007065                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007065                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 404864.820741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 404864.820741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 404966.966967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 404966.966967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      14800                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1808019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1808019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          3655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              3655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    303393000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    303393000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1811674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1811674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 83007.660739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83007.660739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total              3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    295209000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    295209000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 80834.884995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80834.884995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         344789                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             344789                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        11661                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            11661                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5927808000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5927808000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       356450                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         356450                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032714                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.032714                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 508344.738873                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 508344.738873                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11661                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        11661                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5904486000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5904486000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032714                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032714                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 506344.738873                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 506344.738873                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           13                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              13                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.619048                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.619048                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      3589000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3589000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       717800                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       717800                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  40740908000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               502.306360                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2168134                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 15312                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                141.597048                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               1464000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   502.306360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.981067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.981067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          332                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2183457                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2183457                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  40740908000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.DynamicCache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.DynamicCache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.DynamicCache.demand_hits::total              9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.DynamicCache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.DynamicCache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            6                       # number of overall hits
system.DynamicCache.overall_hits::total             9                       # number of overall hits
system.DynamicCache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.DynamicCache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         8171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.DynamicCache.demand_misses::total         9363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.DynamicCache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1192                       # number of overall misses
system.DynamicCache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8171                       # number of overall misses
system.DynamicCache.overall_misses::total         9363                       # number of overall misses
system.DynamicCache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    690629000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4794656000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.demand_miss_latency::total   5485285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    690629000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4794656000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.overall_miss_latency::total   5485285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.DynamicCache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.DynamicCache.demand_accesses::total         9372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.DynamicCache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.DynamicCache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.DynamicCache.overall_accesses::total         9372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.DynamicCache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.997490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.DynamicCache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999266                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.DynamicCache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.DynamicCache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.997490                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.DynamicCache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999266                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.DynamicCache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.DynamicCache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 579386.744966                       # average overall miss latency
system.DynamicCache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 586789.377065                       # average overall miss latency
system.DynamicCache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 585846.950764                       # average overall miss latency
system.DynamicCache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 579386.744966                       # average overall miss latency
system.DynamicCache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 586789.377065                       # average overall miss latency
system.DynamicCache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 585846.950764                       # average overall miss latency
system.DynamicCache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.DynamicCache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.DynamicCache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.DynamicCache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.DynamicCache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.DynamicCache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.DynamicCache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9363                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    535669000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3732426000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4268095000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    535669000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3732426000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4268095000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.997490                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.DynamicCache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999266                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.DynamicCache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.DynamicCache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.997490                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.DynamicCache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999266                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.DynamicCache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.DynamicCache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 449386.744966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 456789.377065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455846.950764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 449386.744966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 456789.377065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455846.950764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.replacements                 2053                       # number of replacements
system.DynamicCache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks          338                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.DynamicCache.WritebackDirty_hits::total          338                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.DynamicCache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks          338                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.DynamicCache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          338                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.DynamicCache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks          825                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          825                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.DynamicCache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data         7915                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_misses::total         7915                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4645800000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   4645800000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7915                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_accesses::total         7915                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 586961.465572                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 586961.465572                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7915                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         7915                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3616850000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3616850000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 456961.465572                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456961.465572                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1192                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data          256                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1448                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    690629000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    148856000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    839485000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1195                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data          262                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1457                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.997490                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.977099                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.993823                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 579386.744966                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 581468.750000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 579754.834254                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1192                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          256                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1448                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    535669000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    115576000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    651245000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.997490                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.977099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993823                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 449386.744966                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 451468.750000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449754.834254                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  40740908000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.DynamicCache.tags.tagsinuse        4845.359991                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.DynamicCache.tags.total_refs              9792                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.DynamicCache.tags.sampled_refs            9701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.DynamicCache.tags.avg_refs            1.009380                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.DynamicCache.tags.warmup_cycle          527000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.DynamicCache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    26.498199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.DynamicCache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   619.176461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.DynamicCache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4199.685331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.DynamicCache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.003235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.DynamicCache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.075583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.DynamicCache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.512657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.DynamicCache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.591475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.DynamicCache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7648                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.DynamicCache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.DynamicCache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.DynamicCache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.DynamicCache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1621                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.DynamicCache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5847                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.DynamicCache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.933594                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.DynamicCache.tags.tag_accesses           20318                       # Number of tag accesses
system.DynamicCache.tags.data_accesses          20318                       # Number of data accesses
system.DynamicCache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  40740908000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp                5045                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         16816                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::CleanEvict              8740                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                 6                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp                6                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadExReq              11655                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadExResp             11655                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           5045                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        45436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3703                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   49139                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1784512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        88832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1873344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.snoops                              9829                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bar.snoopTraffic                      271680                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::samples              26535                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::mean              0.107255                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.309442                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::0                    23689     89.27%     89.27% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::1                     2846     10.73%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::2                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::max_value                1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::total                26535                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             57575000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4164000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            45942000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  40740908000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  40740908000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  40740908000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  40740908000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
