
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 6534198000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 211644                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1294124                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   353098                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     4.73                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1382715151                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000046                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1668539                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.006534                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  6534198000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            148314                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000046                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1668539                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      161929                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            43                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      367257                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1070                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1335849                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            86                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          6534187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    6534187                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               897150                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              778514                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       111281                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 271916                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        271916                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               268592                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                7053                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       32285                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1663085                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1663085                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3550368                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1145571                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      161897                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        529152                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     367255                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   924      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1133674     67.92%     67.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     67.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     67.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.19%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.05%     68.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     68.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.02%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     483      0.03%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 274      0.02%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                137      0.01%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   159717      9.57%     77.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  102819      6.16%     84.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2180      0.13%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436     15.84%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1669067                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6534198000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6534198000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1332006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1332006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1332006                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1332006                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           3843                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               3843                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          3843                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              3843                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    183710000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    183710000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    183710000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    183710000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1335849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1335849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1335849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1335849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 47803.799115                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47803.799115                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 47803.799115                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47803.799115                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          3843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3843                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3843                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    176024000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    176024000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    176024000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    176024000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002877                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002877                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002877                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002877                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45803.799115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45803.799115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45803.799115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45803.799115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       3607                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1332006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1332006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          3843                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              3843                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    183710000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    183710000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1335849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1335849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002877                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002877                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 47803.799115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47803.799115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    176024000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    176024000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45803.799115                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45803.799115                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6534198000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               232.319204                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  568602                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  3607                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                157.638481                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   232.319204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.907497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.907497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          236                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          210                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.921875                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1339692                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1339692                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6534198000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               38130                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              38130                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        34745                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       111005                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       111005                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 111005                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4664000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      4664000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 4664000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           211855000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               3.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          201174000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6534198000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          137856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2302464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2440320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       137856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         137856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      2223680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          2223680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2154                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            35976                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                38130                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         34745                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               34745                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           21097616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          352371324                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              373468940                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      21097616                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          21097616                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       340314144                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             340314144                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       340314144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          21097616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         352371324                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             713783084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     34221.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2154.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     35695.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001124578750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          2120                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          2120                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               109993                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               32114                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        38130                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       34745                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      38130                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     34745                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     281                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    524                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               3108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               3029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               2101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               2073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               2215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               2178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               2176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               2176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               2153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               2142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               2092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               2053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              2088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              2211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              2106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              2114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              2090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              2229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.36                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     320226750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   189245000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1029895500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8460.64                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27210.64                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     33749                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    31676                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  38130                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 34745                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    37846                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    2118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    2141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    2135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    2121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    2121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    2121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    2121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    2125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    2120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    2120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    2123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    2120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    2120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    2120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    2120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    2120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         6619                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     696.603112                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    509.916418                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    388.929841                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           656      9.91%      9.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          790     11.94%     21.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          460      6.95%     28.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          420      6.35%     35.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          299      4.52%     39.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          177      2.67%     42.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          139      2.10%     44.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          154      2.33%     46.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3524     53.24%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          6619                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2120                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.688208                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.398519                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      25.601134                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31            2088     98.49%     98.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             21      0.99%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              3      0.14%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             1      0.05%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            1      0.05%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            2      0.09%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            1      0.05%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::544-575            1      0.05%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::608-639            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-799            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           2120                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2120                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.130660                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.123876                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.485178                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              1960     92.45%     92.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                55      2.59%     95.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                93      4.39%     99.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                12      0.57%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           2120                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2422336                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    17984                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  2188608                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2440320                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               2223680                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        370.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        334.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     373.47                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     340.31                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          5.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      2.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     2.62                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     6533908000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       89659.11                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       137856                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2284480                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      2188608                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 21097615.958377752453                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 349619035.113414108753                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 334946691.238924801350                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2154                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        35976                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        34745                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     58551000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    971344500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 149453736000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27182.45                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26999.79                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   4301445.85                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.78                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              22169700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              11783475                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            128827020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            88651260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      515682960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1799705460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         993590880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3560410755                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         544.888715                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2555438750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    218140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3760619250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              25104240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              13335630                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            141414840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            89857080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      515682960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2225447010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         635071680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3645913440                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         557.974129                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1619051750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    218140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4697006250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6534198000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6534198000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6534198000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           488178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               488178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          488179                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              488179                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          40040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              40040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         40479                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             40479                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2670054000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2670054000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2700810000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2700810000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       528218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           528218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       528658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          528658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.075802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.075802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.076569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.076569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66684.665335                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66684.665335                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66721.262877                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66721.262877                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           35936                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 35936                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        40040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         40040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        40479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2589976000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2589976000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2619854000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2619854000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.075802                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.075802                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.076569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64684.715285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64684.715285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64721.312285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64721.312285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      40222                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          155652                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              155652                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          5837                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              5837                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    190281000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    190281000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       161489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          161489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.036145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32599.109131                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32599.109131                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    178609000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    178609000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036145                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036145                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30599.451773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30599.451773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         332526                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             332526                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        34203                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            34203                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2479773000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2479773000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       366729                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         366729                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.093265                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.093265                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72501.622665                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72501.622665                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34203                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        34203                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2411367000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2411367000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.093265                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093265                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70501.622665                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70501.622665                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     30756000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     30756000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70059.225513                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70059.225513                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     29878000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29878000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68059.225513                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68059.225513                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6534198000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               251.727343                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  507856                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 40222                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 12.626324                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   251.727343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.983310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.983310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                569136                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               569136                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6534198000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6534198000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6534198000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            1689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            4502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                6191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           1689                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           4502                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               6191                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          2154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         35977                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             38131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2154                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        35977                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            38131                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    145400000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2417414000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2562814000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    145400000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2417414000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2562814000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         3843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        40479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           44322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         3843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        40479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          44322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.560500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.888782                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.860318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.560500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.888782                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.860318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67502.321263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67193.317953                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67210.773386                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67502.321263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67193.317953                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67210.773386                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          34745                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                34745                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        38131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35977                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    141092000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2345462000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2486554000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    141092000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2345462000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2486554000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.560500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.888782                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860318                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.560500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.888782                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860318                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65502.321263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65193.373544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65210.825837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65502.321263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65193.373544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65210.825837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     39551                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           1689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           4502                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               6191                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        35977                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            38131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    145400000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2417414000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2562814000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         3843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        40479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          44322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.560500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.888782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.860318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67502.321263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67193.317953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67210.773386                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    141092000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2345462000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2486554000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.560500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.888782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65502.321263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65193.373544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65210.825837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        35936                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        35936                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        35936                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        35936                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6534198000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              502.535531                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  77435                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                39551                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.957852                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    44.302414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    26.059851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   432.173266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.086528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.050898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.844088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.981515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          344                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               120321                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              120321                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6534198000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                44322                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               44321                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         35936                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       116893                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         7686                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  124579                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4890496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       245952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5136448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            19215000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            224002000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           202390000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6534198000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6534198000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6534198000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   6534198000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                10680418000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 213039                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1294784                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   339609                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     9.39                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1137444719                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000311                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3188851                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.010680                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10680418000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            255920                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000311                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3188851                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      467889                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            43                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      501175                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1070                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2654200                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            86                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         10680407                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   10680407                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1751769                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1639954                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       174997                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 274220                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        274220                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               271664                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                8973                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       73502                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3180339                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3180339                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7038714                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2420533                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      467858                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        969031                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     501173                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  1872      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2211623     69.34%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.10%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.03%     69.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     69.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.01%     69.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     867      0.03%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1042      0.03%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                521      0.02%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   464910     14.58%     84.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  236737      7.42%     91.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2948      0.09%     91.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436      8.29%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3189379                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10680418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10680418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2643491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2643491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2643491                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2643491                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          10709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              10709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         10709                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             10709                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    679658000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    679658000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    679658000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    679658000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2654200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2654200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2654200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2654200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63466.056588                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63466.056588                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63466.056588                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63466.056588                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         10709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    658242000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    658242000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    658242000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    658242000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61466.243347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61466.243347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61466.243347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61466.243347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      10472                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2643491                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2643491                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         10709                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             10709                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    679658000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    679658000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2654200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2654200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63466.056588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63466.056588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    658242000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    658242000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61466.243347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61466.243347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10680418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               233.748117                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  804316                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 10472                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 76.806341                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   233.748117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.913079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.913079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          236                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.921875                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2664908                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2664908                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10680418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               46227                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              46227                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        35103                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       127557                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       127557                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 127557                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      5205120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      5205120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 5205120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           221742000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          244226750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10680418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          577216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2381312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2958528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       577216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         577216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      2246592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          2246592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             9019                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            37208                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                46227                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         35103                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               35103                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           54044327                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          222960562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              277004889                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      54044327                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          54044327                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       210346824                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             210346824                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       210346824                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          54044327                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         222960562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             487351712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     34326.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      9019.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     36869.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004373699750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          2126                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          2126                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               127491                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               32212                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        46227                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       35103                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      46227                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     35103                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     339                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    777                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               6822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               6462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               2102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               2103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               2235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               2178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               2176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               2176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               2153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               2142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               2092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               2053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              2088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              2217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              2128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              2135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              2091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              2232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.46                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     389036750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   229440000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1249436750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8477.96                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27227.96                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     39776                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    31761                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  46227                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 35103                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    45885                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    2124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    2147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    2141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    2127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    2127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    2127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    2127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    2126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    2126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    2129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    2126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    2126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    2126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    2126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    2126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         8650                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     593.261503                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    406.582840                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    395.847760                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1227     14.18%     14.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1225     14.16%     28.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          513      5.93%     34.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1331     15.39%     49.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          358      4.14%     53.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          177      2.05%     55.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          139      1.61%     57.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          155      1.79%     59.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3525     40.75%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          8650                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2126                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       21.271872                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.601169                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      72.787830                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63            2109     99.20%     99.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             4      0.19%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            3      0.14%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      0.05%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            1      0.05%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      0.05%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            1      0.05%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            2      0.09%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            1      0.05%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            1      0.05%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           2126                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2126                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.134055                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.127099                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.491238                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              1962     92.29%     92.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                55      2.59%     94.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                97      4.56%     99.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                12      0.56%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           2126                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2936832                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    21696                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  2195264                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2958528                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               2246592                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        274.97                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        205.54                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     277.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     210.35                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          3.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      2.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     1.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    10678912000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      131303.48                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       577216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2359616                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      2195264                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 54044326.729534365237                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 220929180.861647903919                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 205541019.087455183268                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         9019                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        37208                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        35103                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    236684250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   1012752500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 240924803250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26242.85                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27218.68                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   6863367.90                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     89.18                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              26268060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              13961805                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            134560440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            88927920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      842671440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2548252260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1955384160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5610026085                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         525.262783                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5047920500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    356460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5276037500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              35507220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              18864945                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            193079880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            90123300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      842671440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4035067620                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         703329120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5918643525                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         554.158416                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1782018250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    356460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8541939750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10680418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10680418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10680418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           924588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               924588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          924589                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              924589                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          43508                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              43508                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         43947                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             43947                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2801652000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2801652000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2832408000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2832408000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       968096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           968096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       968536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          968536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.044942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.045375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64393.950538                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64393.950538                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64450.542699                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64450.542699                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           36440                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 36440                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         43508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43947                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43947                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2714636000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2714636000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2744514000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2744514000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62393.950538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62393.950538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62450.542699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62450.542699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      43691                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          458579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              458579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          8870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              8870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    312681000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    312681000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       467449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          467449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.018975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35251.521984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35251.521984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    294941000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    294941000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33251.521984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33251.521984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         466009                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             466009                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        34638                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            34638                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2488971000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2488971000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       500647                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         500647                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.069186                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.069186                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71856.660315                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71856.660315                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34638                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        34638                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2419695000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2419695000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.069186                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069186                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69856.660315                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69856.660315                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     30756000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     30756000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70059.225513                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70059.225513                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     29878000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29878000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68059.225513                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68059.225513                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10680418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.386021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  923995                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 43691                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 21.148406                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.386021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.989789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.989789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1012483                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1012483                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10680418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10680418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10680418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            1689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                8428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           1689                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6739                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               8428                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          9020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         37208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             46228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         9020                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        37208                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            46228                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    600158000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2508065000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3108223000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    600158000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2508065000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3108223000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        10709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        43947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           54656                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        10709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        43947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          54656                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.846656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.845799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.846656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.845799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66536.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67406.606106                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67236.804534                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66536.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67406.606106                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67236.804534                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          35103                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                35103                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        46228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9020                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37208                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    582120000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2433649000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3015769000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    582120000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2433649000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3015769000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.846656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.845799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.846656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.845799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64536.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65406.606106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65236.847798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64536.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65406.606106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65236.847798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     47960                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           1689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               8428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         9020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        37208                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            46228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    600158000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2508065000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3108223000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        10709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        43947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          54656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.846656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.845799                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66536.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67406.606106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67236.804534                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    582120000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2433649000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3015769000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.846656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.845799                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64536.585366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65406.606106                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65236.847798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        36440                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        36440                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        36440                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        36440                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10680418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              506.209710                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  86748                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                47960                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.808757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    70.163165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    21.959090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   414.087455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.137037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.042889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.808765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.988691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          459                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               139568                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              139568                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10680418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                54656                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               54655                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         36440                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       124334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        21417                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  145751                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5144768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       685312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5830080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            53540000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            236856000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           219735000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10680418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10680418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10680418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  10680418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                14811217000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 221808                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1294784                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   348185                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    13.53                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1094944745                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000293                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       4709845                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.014811                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 14811217000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            364093                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000293                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       4709845                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      774027                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            43                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      634789                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1070                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3971827                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            86                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         14811206                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   14811206                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2609284                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2501186                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       239375                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 276614                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        276614                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               274856                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               10968                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      114614                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               4698251                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      4698251                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10526362                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3695860                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      773996                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1408783                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     634787                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  2811      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3290330     69.85%     69.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     69.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     69.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.07%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.02%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.01%     70.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    1266      0.03%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1840      0.04%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                920      0.02%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   770250     16.35%     86.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  370351      7.86%     94.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                3746      0.08%     94.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436      5.61%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    4710373                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14811217000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14811217000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3954266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3954266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3954266                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3954266                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          17561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              17561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         17561                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             17561                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1175033000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1175033000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1175033000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1175033000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3971827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3971827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3971827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3971827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66911.508456                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66911.508456                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66911.508456                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66911.508456                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         17561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17561                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        17561                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1139913000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1139913000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1139913000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1139913000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64911.622345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64911.622345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64911.622345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64911.622345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      17324                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3954266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3954266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         17561                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             17561                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1175033000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1175033000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3971827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3971827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66911.508456                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66911.508456                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1139913000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1139913000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64911.622345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64911.622345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14811217000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               234.376160                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1039568                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 17324                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 60.007389                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   234.376160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.915532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.915532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          236                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          210                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.921875                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3989387                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3989387                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14811217000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               54073                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              54073                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        35332                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       143478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       143478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 143478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      5721920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      5721920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 5721920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           230733000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          285874750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14811217000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1015744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2444928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             3460672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1015744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1015744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      2261248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          2261248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            15871                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            38202                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                54073                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         35332                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               35332                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           68579375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          165072728                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              233652103                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      68579375                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          68579375                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       152671317                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             152671317                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       152671317                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          68579375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         165072728                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             386323420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     34421.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     15871.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     37811.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005680937750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          2131                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          2131                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               144369                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               32295                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        54073                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       35332                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      54073                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     35332                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     391                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    911                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              10385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               9888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              3029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               2102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               2135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               2243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               2178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               2176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               2176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               2153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               2142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               2092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               2053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              2088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              2219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              2141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              2168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              2091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              2232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.50                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     454168250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   268410000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1460705750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8460.35                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27210.35                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     45786                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    31837                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  85.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  54073                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 35332                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    53679                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    2129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    2152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    2146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    2137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    2135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    2131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        10447                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     539.530966                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    365.123250                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    384.902028                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1666     15.95%     15.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1545     14.79%     30.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          555      5.31%     36.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2252     21.56%     57.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          430      4.12%     61.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          177      1.69%     63.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          139      1.33%     64.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          156      1.49%     66.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3527     33.76%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         10447                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2131                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       24.347724                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.768439                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     101.624253                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           2113     99.16%     99.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.19%     99.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            2      0.09%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.05%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      0.09%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.05%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.09%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.05%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.05%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.05%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.05%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           2131                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2131                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.137494                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.130365                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.497276                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              1963     92.12%     92.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                55      2.58%     94.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               101      4.74%     99.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                12      0.56%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           2131                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 3435648                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    25024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  2200896                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  3460672                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               2261248                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        231.96                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        148.60                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     233.65                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     152.67                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     1.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    14809523000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      165645.36                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1015744                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2419904                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      2200896                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 68579374.672587677836                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 163383198.018096685410                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 148596567.047798991203                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        15871                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        38202                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        35332                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    414874750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   1045831000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 333450367500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26140.43                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27376.34                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   9437630.69                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     88.10                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              29559600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              15711300                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            139537020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            89178480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1169045280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3161213730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3025432800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7629678210                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         515.128379                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7823418750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    494520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6493278250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              45039120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              23935065                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            243752460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            90332100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1169045280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5833836570                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         774803040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8180743635                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         552.334331                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1953389500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    494520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  12363307500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14811217000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14811217000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14811217000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1360671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1360671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1360672                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1360672                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          47177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              47177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         47616                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             47616                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2920520000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2920520000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2951276000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2951276000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1407848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1407848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1408288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1408288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.033510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.033811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61905.589588                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61905.589588                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61980.762769                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61980.762769                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           37241                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 37241                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         47177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47616                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        47616                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2826166000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2826166000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2856044000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2856044000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033811                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033811                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59905.589588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59905.589588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59980.762769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59980.762769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      47360                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          761807                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              761807                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         11780                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             11780                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    417524000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    417524000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       773587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          773587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.015228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35443.463497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35443.463497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    393964000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    393964000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33443.463497                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33443.463497                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         598864                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             598864                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        35397                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            35397                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2502996000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2502996000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       634261                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         634261                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.055808                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.055808                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70712.094245                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70712.094245                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35397                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        35397                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2432202000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2432202000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.055808                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055808                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68712.094245                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68712.094245                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     30756000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     30756000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70059.225513                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70059.225513                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     29878000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29878000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68059.225513                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68059.225513                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14811217000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.115051                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1366489                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 47360                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 28.853231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.115051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1455904                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1455904                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14811217000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14811217000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14811217000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            1689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            9414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               11103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           1689                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           9414                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              11103                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         15872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         38202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             54074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        15872                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        38202                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            54074                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1054421000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2580809000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3635230000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1054421000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2580809000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3635230000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        17561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        47616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           65177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        17561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        47616                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          65177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.903821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.802293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.829648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.903821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.802293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.829648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66432.774698                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67556.908015                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67226.948256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66432.774698                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67556.908015                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67226.948256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          35332                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                35332                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        54074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15872                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        54074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1022679000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2504405000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3527084000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1022679000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2504405000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3527084000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.903821                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.802293                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.829648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.903821                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.802293                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.829648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64432.900706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65556.908015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65226.985242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64432.900706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65556.908015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65226.985242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     55986                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           1689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           9414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              11103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        15872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        38202                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            54074                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1054421000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2580809000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3635230000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        17561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        47616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          65177                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.903821                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.802293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.829648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66432.774698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67556.908015                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67226.948256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        54074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1022679000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2504405000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3527084000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.903821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.802293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.829648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64432.900706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65556.908015                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65226.985242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        37241                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        37241                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        37241                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        37241                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14811217000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.824603                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  97169                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                55986                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.735595                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    82.503001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    19.245669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   406.075933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.161139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.037589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.793117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               158916                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              158916                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14811217000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                65177                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               65176                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         37241                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       132473                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        35121                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  167594                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5430848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1123840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  6554688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            87800000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            251382000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           238080000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14811217000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14811217000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14811217000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  14811217000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                18562792000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 221621                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1294784                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   345178                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    18.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1028458451                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6230149                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.018563                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 18562792000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            472895                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6230149                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1079991                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            43                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      767984                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1070                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5289760                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            86                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         18562781                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   18562781                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3466070                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3361288                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       304755                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 277652                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        277652                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               276240                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               11833                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      155585                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               6215931                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      6215931                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14013514                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4971197                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1079960                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1847942                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     767982                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  3862      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4369732     70.13%     70.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     70.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.05%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.01%     70.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    1439      0.02%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                2186      0.04%     70.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     70.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     70.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               1093      0.02%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1075868     17.27%     87.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  503546      8.08%     95.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4092      0.07%     95.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436      4.24%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6230677                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         6829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1795                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            8624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6829                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1795                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           8624                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data          176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total           180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data          176                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total          180                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       222000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11941000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total     12163000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       222000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11941000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total     12163000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         6833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         1971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         8804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         6833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         1971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         8804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.089295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020445                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.089295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        55500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67846.590909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67572.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        55500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67846.590909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67572.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total          180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total          180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       214000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11589000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11803000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       214000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11589000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11803000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000585                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.089295                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020445                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000585                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.089295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020445                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        53500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65846.590909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65572.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        53500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65846.590909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65572.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1795                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           8624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          176                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total          180                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       222000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11941000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12163000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         6833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         8804                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.089295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        55500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67846.590909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67572.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       214000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11589000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11803000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.089295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020445                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        53500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65846.590909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65572.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks          219                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total          219                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks          219                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          219                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18562792000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse           34.042092                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle      14811281000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     7.599097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.808265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    25.634730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.000196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.000260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          241                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.001839                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses             9264                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses            9264                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18562792000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5265366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5265366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5265366                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5265366                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          24394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              24394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         24394                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             24394                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1305074000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1305074000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1305074000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1305074000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5289760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5289760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5289760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5289760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53499.795032                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53499.795032                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53499.795032                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53499.795032                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        24394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         24394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        24394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        24394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1256288000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1256288000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1256288000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1256288000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51499.877019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51499.877019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51499.877019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51499.877019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      24157                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5265366                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5265366                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         24394                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             24394                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1305074000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1305074000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5289760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5289760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53499.795032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53499.795032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        24394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        24394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1256288000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1256288000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51499.877019                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51499.877019                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18562792000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               234.704341                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1274152                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 24157                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 52.744629                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   234.704341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.916814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.916814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          236                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.921875                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5314153                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5314153                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18562792000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               54253                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              54253                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        35332                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       143478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       143478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port          360                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total          360                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 143838                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      5721920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      5721920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        11520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        11520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 5733440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           230913000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy             982000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          285874750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18562792000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1016000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2456192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             3472192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1016000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1016000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      2261248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          2261248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            15875                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            38378                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                54253                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         35332                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               35332                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           54733146                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          132318026                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              187051172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      54733146                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          54733146                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       121816158                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             121816158                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       121816158                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          54733146                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         132318026                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             308867330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     34421.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     15875.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     37977.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005680937750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          2131                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          2131                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               145673                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               32295                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        54253                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       35332                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      54253                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     35332                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     401                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    911                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              10393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               9890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              3061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               2102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               2135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               2243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               2178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               2176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               2176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               2153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               2142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               2092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               2053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              2088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              2219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              2141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              2168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              2091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              2232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       26.82                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     457221750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   269260000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1466946750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8490.34                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27240.34                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     45815                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    31837                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  85.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  54253                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 35332                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    53849                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    2129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    2152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    2146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    2137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    2135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    2131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        10589                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     533.329304                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    357.330710                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    386.012051                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1783     16.84%     16.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1569     14.82%     31.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          556      5.25%     36.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2252     21.27%     58.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          430      4.06%     62.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          177      1.67%     63.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          139      1.31%     65.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          156      1.47%     66.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3527     33.31%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         10589                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2131                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       24.347724                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.768439                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     101.624253                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           2113     99.16%     99.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.19%     99.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            2      0.09%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.05%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      0.09%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.05%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.09%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.05%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.05%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.05%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.05%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           2131                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2131                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.137494                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.130365                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.497276                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              1963     92.12%     92.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                55      2.58%     94.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               101      4.74%     99.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                12      0.56%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           2131                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 3446528                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    25664                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  2200896                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  3472192                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               2261248                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        185.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        118.56                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     187.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     121.82                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.93                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    18513421000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      206657.60                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1016000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2430528                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      2200896                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 54733145.746609665453                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 130935475.654739856720                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 118564922.776702970266                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        15875                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        38378                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        35332                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    414963500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   1051983250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 333450367500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26139.43                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27411.10                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   9437630.69                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     87.97                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              30337860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              16124955                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            140465220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            89178480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1465301760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3354271020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4303463040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9399142335                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         506.343137                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11143739500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    619840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6799212500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              45267600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              24060300                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            244038060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            90332100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1465301760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5941421790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2124809760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9935231370                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         535.222900                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5461993000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    619840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  12480959000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18562792000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18562792000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18562792000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1793771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1793771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1793772                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1793772                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          53236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              53236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         53675                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             53675                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3030878000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3030878000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3061634000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3061634000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1847007                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1847007                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1847447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1847447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.028823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.029054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56932.864979                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56932.864979                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57040.223568                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57040.223568                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           37840                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 37840                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        53236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         53236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        53675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2924406000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2924406000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2954284000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2954284000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029054                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029054                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54932.864979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54932.864979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55040.223568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55040.223568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      53419                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1062286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1062286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         17265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             17265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    516338000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    516338000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1079551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1079551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.015993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29906.631914                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29906.631914                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    481808000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    481808000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27906.631914                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27906.631914                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         731485                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             731485                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        35971                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            35971                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2514540000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2514540000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       767456                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         767456                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046870                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.046870                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69904.645409                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69904.645409                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35971                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        35971                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2442598000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2442598000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046870                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046870                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67904.645409                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67904.645409                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     30756000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     30756000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70059.225513                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70059.225513                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     29878000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29878000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68059.225513                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68059.225513                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18562792000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.496003                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1758000                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 53419                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 32.909639                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.496003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1901122                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1901122                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18562792000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18562792000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18562792000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            1689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           13502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               15191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           1689                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          13502                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              15191                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22705                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         40173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             62878                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22705                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        40173                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            62878                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1143464000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2618021000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3761485000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1143464000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2618021000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3761485000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        24394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        53675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           78069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        24394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        53675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          78069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.930762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748449                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.805416                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.930762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.805416                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50361.770535                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65168.670500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59821.956805                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50361.770535                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65168.670500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59821.956805                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          35551                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                35551                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        40173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22705                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        40173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62878                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1098056000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2537675000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3635731000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1098056000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2537675000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3635731000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.930762                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748449                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.805416                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.930762                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748449                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.805416                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48361.858621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63168.670500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57821.988613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48361.858621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63168.670500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57821.988613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     64956                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           1689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          13502                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              15191                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22705                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        40173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            62878                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1143464000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2618021000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3761485000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        24394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        53675                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          78069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.930762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.805416                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50361.770535                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65168.670500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59821.956805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        40173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1098056000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2537675000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3635731000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.930762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.805416                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48361.858621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63168.670500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57821.988613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        37840                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        37840                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        37840                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        37840                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18562792000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.668458                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 109103                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                64956                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.679645                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    87.418695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    16.269864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   404.979900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.170740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.031777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.790976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          307                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               181377                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              181377                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18562792000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                78069                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               78068                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         37840                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       145190                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48787                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  193977                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5856960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1561152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  7418112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           121965000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            267269000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           268375000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18562792000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18562792000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18562792000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  18562792000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                22290754000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 216094                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1294784                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   335026                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    23.14                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              963335494                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000149                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7752202                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.022291                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 22290754000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            582428                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000149                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7752202                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1386407                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            43                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      901081                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1072                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6607646                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            86                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         22290743                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   22290743                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4325692                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4222114                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       370925                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 278396                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        278396                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               277232                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               12453                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      196550                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7735462                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7735462                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            17502785                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6247850                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1386376                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2287455                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     901079                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  4938      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5450700     70.31%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.04%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.01%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.00%     70.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    1563      0.02%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                2434      0.03%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               1217      0.02%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1382036     17.83%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  636643      8.21%     96.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4340      0.06%     96.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436      3.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7752730                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        13652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           17272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        13652                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3620                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          17272                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data          241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total           245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data          241                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total          245                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       222000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     16410000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total     16632000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       222000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     16410000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total     16632000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13656                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         3861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        17517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13656                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         3861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        17517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.062419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.062419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        55500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68091.286307                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67885.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        55500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68091.286307                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67885.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total          245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          241                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total          245                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       214000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15928000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     16142000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       214000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15928000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     16142000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000293                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.062419                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013986                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000293                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.062419                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013986                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        53500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66091.286307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65885.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        53500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66091.286307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65885.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        13652                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         3620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          17272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total          245                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       222000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     16410000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16632000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3861                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        17517                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.062419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013986                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        55500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68091.286307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67885.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       214000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15928000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16142000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.062419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        53500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66091.286307                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65885.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks          415                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total          415                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks          415                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          415                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22290754000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse           78.292912                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle      14811281000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    20.226069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     1.342059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    56.724784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.000433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.000597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          350                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          324                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.002670                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            18282                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           18282                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22290754000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6576429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6576429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6576429                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6576429                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          31217                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              31217                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         31217                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             31217                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1434711000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1434711000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1434711000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1434711000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6607646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6607646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6607646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6607646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45959.285005                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45959.285005                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45959.285005                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45959.285005                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        31217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         31217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        31217                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        31217                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1372279000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1372279000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1372279000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1372279000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004724                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004724                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43959.349073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43959.349073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43959.349073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43959.349073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      30980                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6576429                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6576429                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         31217                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             31217                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1434711000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1434711000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6607646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6607646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45959.285005                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45959.285005                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        31217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1372279000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1372279000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43959.349073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43959.349073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22290754000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               234.921030                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1508424                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 30980                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 48.690252                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   234.921030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.917660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.917660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          236                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.921875                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6638862                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6638862                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22290754000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               54318                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              54318                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        35332                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       143478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       143478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port          490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total          490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 143968                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      5721920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      5721920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        15680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        15680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 5737600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           230978000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            1339750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          285874750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22290754000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1016000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2460352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             3476352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1016000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1016000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      2261248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          2261248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            15875                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            38443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                54318                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         35332                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               35332                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           45579436                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          110375450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              155954886                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      45579436                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          45579436                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       101443316                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             101443316                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       101443316                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          45579436                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         110375450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             257398202                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     34421.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     15875.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     38041.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005680937750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          2131                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          2131                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               146757                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               32295                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        54318                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       35332                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      54318                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     35332                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     402                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    911                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              10393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               9890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              3001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              3075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               2102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               2135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               2243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               2178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               2176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               2176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               2153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               2142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               2092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               2053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              2088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              2219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              2141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              2168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              2091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              2232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       27.68                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     458323000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   269580000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1469248000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8500.69                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27250.69                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     45818                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    31837                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  84.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  54318                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 35332                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    53913                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    2129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    2152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    2146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    2137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    2135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    2131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        10648                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     530.746807                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    354.010934                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    386.494206                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1839     17.27%     17.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1572     14.76%     32.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          556      5.22%     37.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2252     21.15%     58.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          430      4.04%     62.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          177      1.66%     64.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          139      1.31%     65.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          156      1.47%     66.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3527     33.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         10648                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2131                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       24.347724                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.768439                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     101.624253                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           2113     99.16%     99.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.19%     99.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            2      0.09%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.05%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      0.09%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.05%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.09%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.05%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.05%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.05%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.05%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           2131                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2131                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.137494                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.130365                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.497276                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              1963     92.12%     92.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                55      2.58%     94.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               101      4.74%     99.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                12      0.56%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           2131                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 3450624                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    25728                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  2200896                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  3476352                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               2261248                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        154.80                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         98.74                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     155.95                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     101.44                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    22289229000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      248624.97                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1016000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2434624                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      2200896                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 45579436.209291085601                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 109221249.312607377768                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 98735825.625279441476                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        15875                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        38443                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        35332                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    414963500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   1054284500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 333450367500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26139.43                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27424.62                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   9437630.69                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     87.91                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              30680580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              16299525                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            140815080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            89178480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1759099680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3452437560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5652334080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11140844985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         499.796686                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14649358000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    744120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6897276000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              45360420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              24109635                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            244145160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            90332100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1759099680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6017364600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3492395520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11672807115                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         523.661385                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9016654750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    744120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  12529979250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22290754000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22290754000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22290754000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2228474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2228474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2228475                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2228475                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          58046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              58046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         58485                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             58485                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3114927000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3114927000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3145683000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3145683000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2286520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2286520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2286960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2286960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.025386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53663.077559                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53663.077559                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53786.150295                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53786.150295                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           38146                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 38146                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        58046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         58046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        58485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2998835000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2998835000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3028713000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3028713000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51663.077559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51663.077559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51786.150295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51786.150295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      58229                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1364193                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1364193                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         21774                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             21774                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    593160000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    593160000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1385967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1385967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.015710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27241.664370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27241.664370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        21774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    549612000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    549612000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25241.664370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25241.664370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         864281                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             864281                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        36272                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            36272                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2521767000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2521767000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       900553                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         900553                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040277                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.040277                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69523.792457                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69523.792457                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36272                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        36272                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2449223000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2449223000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040277                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040277                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67523.792457                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67523.792457                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     30756000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     30756000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70059.225513                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70059.225513                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     29878000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29878000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68059.225513                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68059.225513                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22290754000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.747535                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2222929                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 58229                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 38.175634                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.747535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2345445                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2345445                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22290754000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22290754000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22290754000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            1689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           16422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               18111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           1689                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          16422                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              18111                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         29528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         42063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             71591                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        29528                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        42063                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            71591                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1232163000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2646930000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3879093000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1232163000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2646930000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3879093000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        31217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        58485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           89702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        31217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        58485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          89702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.945895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.719210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.798098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.945895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.719210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.798098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41728.630452                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62927.751230                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54184.087385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41728.630452                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62927.751230                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54184.087385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          35747                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                35747                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        42063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29528                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        42063                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71591                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1173109000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2562804000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3735913000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1173109000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2562804000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3735913000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.945895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.719210                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.798098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.945895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.719210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.798098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39728.698185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60927.751230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52184.115322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39728.698185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60927.751230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52184.115322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     73817                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           1689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          16422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              18111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        29528                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        42063                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            71591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1232163000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2646930000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3879093000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        31217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        58485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          89702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.945895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.719210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.798098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41728.630452                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62927.751230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54184.087385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        42063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1173109000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2562804000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3735913000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.945895                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.719210                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.798098                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39728.698185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60927.751230                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52184.115322                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        38146                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        38146                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        38146                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        38146                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22290754000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.225634                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 119930                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                73817                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.624693                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    90.238315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    14.063858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   404.923461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.176247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.027468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.790866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          295                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               202177                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              202177                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22290754000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                89702                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               89701                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         38146                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       155116                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        62433                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  217549                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6184384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1997824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  8182208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           156080000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            280432000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           292425000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22290754000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22290754000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22290754000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  22290754000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                26010550000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 219902                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1294784                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   339861                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    27.29                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              953254744                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000181                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9273444                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.026011                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 26010550000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            691170                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000181                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9273444                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1692491                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            43                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1034344                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1072                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7925768                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            86                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         26010539                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   26010539                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5184051                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             5082584                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       436090                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 280166                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        280166                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               279592                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               13928                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      237554                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9253836                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9253836                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            20990736                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7523629                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1692460                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2726802                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1034342                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  5934      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6530419     70.42%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.03%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.01%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    1858      0.02%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                3024      0.03%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               1512      0.02%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1687530     18.20%     88.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  769906      8.30%     97.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4930      0.05%     97.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436      2.85%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9273972                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        20486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         5124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           25610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        20486                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5124                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          25610                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data          282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total           286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data          282                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total          286                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       222000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     19116000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total     19338000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       222000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     19116000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total     19338000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        20490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         5406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        25896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        20490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         5406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        25896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.052164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.052164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        55500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67787.234043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67615.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        55500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67787.234043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67615.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total          286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total          286                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       214000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     18552000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     18766000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       214000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     18552000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     18766000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000195                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.052164                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011044                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000195                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.052164                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011044                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        53500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65787.234043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65615.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        53500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65787.234043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65615.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        20486                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         5124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          25610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          282                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total          286                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       222000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     19116000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     19338000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        20490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         5406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        25896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.052164                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        55500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67787.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67615.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       214000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     18552000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18766000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.052164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011044                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        53500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65787.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65615.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks          905                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total          905                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks          905                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          905                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26010550000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse          122.138669                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle      14811281000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    34.546022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     1.722174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    85.870473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.000655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.000932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          420                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          245                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.003204                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            27221                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           27221                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26010550000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7887717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7887717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7887717                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7887717                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          38051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              38051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         38051                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             38051                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1564557000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1564557000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1564557000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1564557000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7925768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7925768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7925768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7925768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41117.368795                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41117.368795                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41117.368795                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41117.368795                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        38051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         38051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        38051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1488457000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1488457000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1488457000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1488457000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39117.421356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39117.421356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39117.421356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39117.421356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      37814                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7887717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7887717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         38051                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             38051                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1564557000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1564557000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7925768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7925768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41117.368795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41117.368795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        38051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1488457000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1488457000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004801                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004801                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39117.421356                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39117.421356                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26010550000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               235.075335                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1743058                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 37814                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 46.095573                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   235.075335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.918263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.918263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          236                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.921875                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7963818                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7963818                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26010550000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               54359                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              54359                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        35332                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       143478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       143478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port          572                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total          572                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 144050                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      5721920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      5721920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        18304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        18304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 5740224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           231019000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            1565250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          285874750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26010550000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1016000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2462976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             3478976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1016000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1016000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      2261248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          2261248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            15875                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            38484                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                54359                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         35332                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               35332                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           39061073                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           94691423                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              133752497                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      39061073                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          39061073                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        86935801                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              86935801                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        86935801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          39061073                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          94691423                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             220688298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     34421.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     15875.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     38082.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005680937750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          2131                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          2131                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               147795                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               32295                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        54359                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       35332                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      54359                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     35332                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     402                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    911                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              10393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               9890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              3002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              3094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               2102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               2135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               2243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               2178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               2176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               2176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               2153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               2142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               2092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               2053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              2088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              2219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              2141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              2168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              2091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              2232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       28.30                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     458886750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   269785000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1470580500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8504.68                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27254.68                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     45818                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    31837                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  84.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  54359                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 35332                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    53954                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    2129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    2152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    2146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    2137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    2135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    2131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        10691                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     528.869516                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    351.583861                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    386.845814                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1882     17.60%     17.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1572     14.70%     32.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          556      5.20%     37.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2252     21.06%     58.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          430      4.02%     62.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          177      1.66%     64.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          139      1.30%     65.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          156      1.46%     67.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3527     32.99%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         10691                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2131                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       24.347724                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.768439                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     101.624253                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           2113     99.16%     99.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.19%     99.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            2      0.09%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.05%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      0.09%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.05%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.09%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.05%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.05%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.05%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.05%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           2131                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2131                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.137494                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.130365                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.497276                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              1963     92.12%     92.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                55      2.58%     94.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               101      4.74%     99.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                12      0.56%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           2131                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 3453248                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    25728                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  2200896                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  3478976                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               2261248                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        132.76                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         84.62                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     133.75                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      86.94                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    25846861000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      288176.75                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1016000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2437248                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      2200896                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 39061073.295259036124                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 93702286.187719985843                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 84615511.782718926668                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        15875                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        38484                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        35332                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    414963500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   1055617000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 333450367500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26139.43                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27430.02                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   9437630.69                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     87.87                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              30944760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              16447530                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            141079260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            89178480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2052897600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3539986710                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        7007009760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12877544100                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         495.089266                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18170303000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    868400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6971847000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              45388980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              24124815                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            244173720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            90332100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2052897600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6078714840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4869133440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         13404765495                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         515.358787                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12595282000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    868400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  12546868000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26010550000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26010550000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26010550000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2663429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2663429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2663430                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2663430                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          62438                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              62438                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         62877                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             62877                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3189611000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3189611000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3220367000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3220367000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2725867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2725867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2726307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2726307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.022906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.023063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51084.451776                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51084.451776                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51216.931469                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51216.931469                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           38803                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 38803                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        62438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         62438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        62877                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62877                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3064735000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3064735000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3094613000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3094613000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49084.451776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49084.451776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49216.931469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49216.931469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      62621                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1666527                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1666527                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         25524                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             25524                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    655890000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    655890000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1692051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1692051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.015085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25696.991067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25696.991067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    604842000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    604842000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23696.991067                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23696.991067                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         996902                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             996902                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        36914                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            36914                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2533721000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2533721000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1033816                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1033816                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035707                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.035707                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68638.484044                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68638.484044                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36914                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        36914                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2459893000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2459893000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035707                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035707                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66638.484044                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66638.484044                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     30756000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     30756000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70059.225513                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70059.225513                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     29878000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29878000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68059.225513                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68059.225513                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26010550000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.926651                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2649639                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 62621                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 42.312307                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.926651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2789184                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2789184                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26010550000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26010550000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26010550000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            1689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           19269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               20958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           1689                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          19269                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              20958                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         36362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         43608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             79970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        36362                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        43608                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            79970                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1321005000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2669639000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3990644000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1321005000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2669639000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3990644000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        38051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        62877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          100928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        38051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        62877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         100928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.955612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.693545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.792347                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.955612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.693545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.792347                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36329.272317                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61219.019446                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49901.763161                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36329.272317                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61219.019446                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49901.763161                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          36237                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                36237                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        36362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        79970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        36362                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43608                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        79970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1248283000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2582423000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3830706000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1248283000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2582423000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3830706000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.955612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.693545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.792347                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.955612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.693545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.792347                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34329.327320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59219.019446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47901.788171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34329.327320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59219.019446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47901.788171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     82646                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           1689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          19269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              20958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        36362                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        43608                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            79970                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1321005000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2669639000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3990644000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        38051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        62877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         100928                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.955612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.693545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.792347                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36329.272317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61219.019446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49901.763161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        36362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        79970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1248283000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2582423000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3830706000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.955612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.693545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.792347                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34329.327320                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59219.019446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47901.788171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        38803                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        38803                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        38803                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        38803                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26010550000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.622399                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 130567                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                82646                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.579834                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    89.925819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    12.480887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   407.215693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.175636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.024377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.795343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          144                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          322                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               222889                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              222889                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26010550000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               100928                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              100927                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         38803                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       164557                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        76101                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  240658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6507520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2435200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  8942720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           190250000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            294943000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           314385000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26010550000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26010550000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26010550000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  26010550000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                29731621000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 216468                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1294784                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   333801                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    32.34                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              919388013                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      10794583                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.029732                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 29731621000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            799734                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      10794583                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1998713                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            43                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1167837                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1072                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9242975                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            86                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         29731621                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   29731621                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6042248                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             5943724                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       500969                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 282128                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        282128                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               282208                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               15563                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      278630                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              10772039                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     10772039                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            24478215                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8799121                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1998682                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       3166517                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1167835                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  6917      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7609552     70.49%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     70.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.03%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.01%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2185      0.02%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                3678      0.03%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               1839      0.02%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1993098     18.46%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  903399      8.37%     97.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                5584      0.05%     97.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436      2.45%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   10795111                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        27332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         6673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           34005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        27332                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         6673                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          34005                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data          328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total           332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data          328                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total          332                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       222000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     22338000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total     22560000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       222000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     22338000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total     22560000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        27336                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         7001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        34337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        27336                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         7001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        34337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009669                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009669                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        55500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68103.658537                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67951.807229                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        55500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68103.658537                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67951.807229                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total          332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total          332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       214000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     21682000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     21896000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       214000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     21682000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     21896000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000146                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046850                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000146                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046850                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        53500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66103.658537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65951.807229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        53500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66103.658537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65951.807229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        27332                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         6673                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          34005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          328                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total          332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       222000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     22338000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22560000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        27336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        34337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046850                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009669                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        55500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68103.658537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67951.807229                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       214000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     21682000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21896000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000146                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046850                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009669                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        53500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66103.658537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65951.807229                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         1240                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1240                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         1240                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1240                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29731621000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse          163.423862                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              35577                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              487                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            73.053388                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle      14811281000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    48.238364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     2.007256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   113.178242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.000863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.001247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          487                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          277                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.003716                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            36064                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           36064                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29731621000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9198079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9198079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9198079                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9198079                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          44896                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              44896                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         44896                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             44896                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1694631000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1694631000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1694631000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1694631000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9242975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9242975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9242975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9242975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37745.701176                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37745.701176                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37745.701176                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37745.701176                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        44896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         44896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        44896                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        44896                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1604839000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1604839000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1604839000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1604839000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35745.701176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35745.701176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35745.701176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35745.701176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      44660                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9198079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9198079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         44896                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             44896                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1694631000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1694631000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9242975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9242975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37745.701176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37745.701176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        44896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        44896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1604839000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1604839000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35745.701176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35745.701176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29731621000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               235.191062                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9242975                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 44896                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                205.875245                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   235.191062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.918715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.918715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          236                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.921875                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9287871                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9287871                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29731621000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               54405                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              54405                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        35332                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       143478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       143478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port          664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total          664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 144142                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      5721920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      5721920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        21248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        21248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 5743168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           231065000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            1817750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          285874750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29731621000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1016000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2465920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             3481920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1016000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1016000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      2261248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          2261248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            15875                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            38530                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                54405                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         35332                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               35332                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           34172372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           82939306                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              117111677                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      34172372                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          34172372                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        76055322                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              76055322                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        76055322                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          34172372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          82939306                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             193166999                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     34421.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     15875.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     38128.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005680937750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          2131                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          2131                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               148843                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               32295                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        54405                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       35332                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      54405                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     35332                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     402                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    911                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              10394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               9890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              3003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              3115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               2102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               2135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               2243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               2178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               2176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               2176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               2153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               2142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               2092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               2053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              2088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              2219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              2141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              2168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              2091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              2232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       28.76                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     459705750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   270015000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1472262000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8512.60                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27262.60                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     45818                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    31837                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  84.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  54405                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 35332                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    54000                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    2129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    2152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    2146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    2137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    2135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    2132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    2131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        10737                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     526.877899                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    349.027167                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    387.208534                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1928     17.96%     17.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1572     14.64%     32.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          556      5.18%     37.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2252     20.97%     58.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          430      4.00%     62.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          177      1.65%     64.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          139      1.29%     65.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          156      1.45%     67.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3527     32.85%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         10737                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2131                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       24.347724                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.768439                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     101.624253                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           2113     99.16%     99.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.19%     99.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            2      0.09%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.05%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      0.09%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.05%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.09%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.05%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.05%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.05%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.05%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           2131                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2131                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.137494                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.130365                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.497276                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              1963     92.12%     92.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                55      2.58%     94.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               101      4.74%     99.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                12      0.56%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           2131                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 3456192                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    25728                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  2200896                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  3481920                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               2261248                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        116.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         74.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     117.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      76.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    29600511000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      329858.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1016000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2440192                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      2200896                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 34172371.563595540822                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 82073964.282001301646                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 74025429.020503118634                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        15875                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        38530                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        35332                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    414963500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   1057298500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 333450367500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26139.43                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27440.92                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   9437630.69                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     87.82                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              31244640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              16606920                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            141379140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            89178480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2346695520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3644070990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        8348251200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         14617426890                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         491.645810                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  21656212000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    992680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7082729000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              45417540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              24139995                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            244202280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            90332100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2346695520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6140128920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6246307680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         15137224035                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         509.128784                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16175044750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    992680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  12563896250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29731621000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29731621000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29731621000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          3098642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              3098642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3098643                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             3098643                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          66940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              66940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         67379                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             67379                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3266651000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3266651000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3297407000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3297407000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      3165582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          3165582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      3166022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3166022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48799.686286                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48799.686286                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48938.200329                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48938.200329                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           39807                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 39807                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        66940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         66940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        67379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        67379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3132771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3132771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3162649000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3162649000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021146                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021146                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46799.686286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46799.686286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46938.200329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46938.200329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      67123                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1969176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1969176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         29097                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             29097                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    716362000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    716362000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1998273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1998273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014561                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.014561                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24619.788982                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24619.788982                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    658168000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    658168000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22619.788982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22619.788982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1129466                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1129466                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        37843                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            37843                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2550289000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2550289000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1167309                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1167309                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032419                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.032419                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67391.300901                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67391.300901                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37843                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        37843                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2474603000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2474603000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032419                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032419                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65391.300901                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65391.300901                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     30756000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     30756000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70059.225513                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70059.225513                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     29878000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29878000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68059.225513                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68059.225513                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29731621000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.060987                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 3166022                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 67379                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 46.988260                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.060987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               3233401                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              3233401                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29731621000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29731621000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29731621000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            1689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           22176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               23865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           1689                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          22176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              23865                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         43207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         45203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             88410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        43207                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        45203                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            88410                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1410003000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2693504000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   4103507000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1410003000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2693504000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   4103507000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        44896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        67379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          112275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        44896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        67379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         112275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.962380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.670877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.787442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.962380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.670877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.787442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32633.670470                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59586.841581                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46414.511933                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32633.670470                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59586.841581                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46414.511933                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          36572                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                36572                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        43207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        45203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        88410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        43207                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        45203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        88410                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1323589000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2603098000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3926687000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1323589000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2603098000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3926687000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.962380                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.670877                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.787442                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.962380                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.670877                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.787442                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30633.670470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57586.841581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44414.511933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30633.670470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57586.841581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44414.511933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     91359                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           1689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          22176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              23865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        43207                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        45203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            88410                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1410003000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2693504000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4103507000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        44896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        67379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         112275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.962380                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.670877                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.787442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32633.670470                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59586.841581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46414.511933                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        43207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        45203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        88410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1323589000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2603098000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3926687000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.962380                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.670877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.787442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30633.670470                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57586.841581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44414.511933                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        39807                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        39807                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        39807                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        39807                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29731621000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.919968                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 152082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                91871                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.655386                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    87.428899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    11.268057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   411.223012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.170760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.022008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.803170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          319                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               243953                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              243953                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29731621000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               112275                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              112275                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         39807                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       174565                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        89792                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  264357                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6859904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2873344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9733248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           224480000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            311310000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           336895000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29731621000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29731621000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29731621000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  29731621000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
