
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                18603003000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  43548                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34197040                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    78483                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    22.96                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              810103947                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1802250                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.018603                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 18603003000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            200427                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1802250                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      200130                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            15                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      249167                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         98945                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1250607                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            45                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         18602992                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   18602992                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1002046                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              798720                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       199849                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    550                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           550                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  798                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 306                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         400                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1851257                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1851257                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3404395                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1401875                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      200127                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        449292                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     249165                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   191      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1401882     75.71%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       28      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        35      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      10      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                       84      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       68      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     130      0.01%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   200079     10.81%     86.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  248981     13.45%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  48      0.00%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                184      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1851720                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              37                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           31                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data            6                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             37                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          425                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       198075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        198500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          425                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       198075                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       198500                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     25439000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12297038000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  12322477000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     25439000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12297038000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  12322477000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       198081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       198537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       198081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       198537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.932018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999970                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999814                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.932018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999970                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999814                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59856.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62082.736337                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62077.969773                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59856.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62082.736337                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62077.969773                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       197748                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           197748                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       198075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       198500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          425                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       198075                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       198500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     24589000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11900888000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11925477000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     24589000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11900888000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11925477000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.932018                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999970                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999814                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.932018                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999970                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999814                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57856.470588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60082.736337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60077.969773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57856.470588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60082.736337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60077.969773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                197857                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             37                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          425                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       198075                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       198500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     25439000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12297038000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12322477000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       198081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       198537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.932018                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999814                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59856.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62082.736337                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62077.969773                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       198075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       198500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     24589000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11900888000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11925477000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.932018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999970                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999814                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57856.470588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60082.736337                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60077.969773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       197870                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       197870                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       197870                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       197870                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18603003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse          646.437332                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             395605                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           197857                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999449                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     2.991788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   352.289854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   291.155690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.172017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.142166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.315643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          648                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          520                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.316406                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           594912                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          594912                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18603003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1250147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1250147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1250147                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1250147                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           460                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               460                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33331000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     33331000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33331000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     33331000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1250607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1250607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1250607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1250607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72458.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72458.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72458.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72458.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32411000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     32411000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32411000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     32411000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70458.695652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70458.695652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70458.695652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70458.695652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        243                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1250147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1250147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33331000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     33331000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1250607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1250607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72458.695652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72458.695652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32411000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32411000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70458.695652                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70458.695652                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18603003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               216.641193                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                    6638                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 27.316872                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   216.641193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.846255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.846255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1251067                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1251067                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18603003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              198500                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             198500                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       197748                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       594748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       594748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 594748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     25359872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     25359872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                25359872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1187240000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1049440500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18603003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           27200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        12676800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            12704000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        27200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          27200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     12655872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         12655872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              425                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           198075                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               198500                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        197748                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              197748                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1462130                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          681438368                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              682900497                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1462130                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1462130                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       680313388                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             680313388                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       680313388                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1462130                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         681438368                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1363213885                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    197748.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       425.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    198075.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000016659750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         12358                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         12358                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               586694                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              185844                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       198500                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      197748                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     198500                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    197748                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              12465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              12388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              12429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              12439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              12433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              12414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              12383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              12369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              12379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              12402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             12388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             12394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             12396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             12431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             12375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             12415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              12362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              12352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              12352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              12355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              12353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              12354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              12356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              12360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              12360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              12360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             12360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             12360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             12360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             12360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             12360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             12364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.86                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1993161500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   992500000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               5715036500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10041.12                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28791.12                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    171686                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   172769                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 87.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 198500                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                197748                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   198500                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   12359                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   12359                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   12359                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   12358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   12358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   12358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   12358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   12358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   12358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   12358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   12358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   12358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   12358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   12358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   12358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   12358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        51768                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     489.812394                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    475.512345                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     81.459949                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           533      1.03%      1.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1495      2.89%      3.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1217      2.35%      6.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1203      2.32%      8.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639        47305     91.38%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            4      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            4      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            4      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         51768                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12358                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.062227                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.005041                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       6.917549                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           12357     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-799            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          12358                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12358                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             12358    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          12358                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                12704000                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 12654592                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 12704000                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              12655872                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        682.90                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        680.24                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     682.90                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     680.31                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    18602957000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46947.76                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        27200                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     12676800                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     12654592                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1462129.528227243805                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 681438367.773203015327                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 680244582.017215132713                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          425                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       198075                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       197748                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     11272750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   5703763750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 462755274500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26524.12                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28795.98                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2340126.19                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             184597560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              98112135                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            708145200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           516174480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1468374960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        7655501850                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         696815040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11327721225                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         608.918959                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1748433750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    621140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  16233429250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             185061660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              98347425                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            709144800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           515965680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1468374960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        7661823720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         691491360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11330209605                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         609.052721                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1734347250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    621140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  16247515750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18603003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18603003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18603003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           201712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               201712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          201714                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              201714                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         198113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             198113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        198113                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            198113                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15664894000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15664894000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15664894000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15664894000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       399825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           399825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       399827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          399827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.495499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.495497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79070.500169                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79070.500169                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79070.500169                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79070.500169                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          197933                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                197933                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       198113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        198113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       198113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       198113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15268670000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15268670000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15268670000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15268670000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77070.510264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77070.510264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77070.510264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77070.510264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     197971                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          200010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              200010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7496000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7496000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       200128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          200128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63525.423729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63525.423729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7260000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7260000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61525.423729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61525.423729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           1702                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               1702                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       197995                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           197995                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15657398000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  15657398000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       199697                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         199697                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991477                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.991477                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79079.764641                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79079.764641                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       197995                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       197995                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15261410000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15261410000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991477                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991477                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77079.774742                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77079.774742                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18603003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               140.808108                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  199301                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                197971                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.006718                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   140.808108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.550032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.550032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.550781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                597939                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               597939                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18603003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18603003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18603003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst               4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              31                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  35                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst              4                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             31                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 35                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        198082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            198538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       198082                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           198538                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30517000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14475941000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  14506458000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30517000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14475941000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  14506458000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       198113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          198573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       198113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         198573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66923.245614                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73080.547450                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73066.405424                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66923.245614                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73080.547450                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73066.405424                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         197870                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               197870                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       198082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       198538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       198082                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       198538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29605000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14079779000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14109384000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29605000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14079779000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14109384000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64923.245614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71080.557547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71066.415497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64923.245614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71080.557547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71066.415497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    198207                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst              4                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             31                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 35                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       198082                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           198538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30517000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14475941000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14506458000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       198113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         198573                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999824                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66923.245614                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73080.547450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73066.405424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       198082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       198538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29605000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14079779000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14109384000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999824                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64923.245614                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71080.557547                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71066.415497                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       197933                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       197933                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       197933                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       197933                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18603003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              393.343588                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 396055                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               198207                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998189                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    27.961584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.569995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   111.812008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.054612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.495254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.218383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.768249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          394                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          362                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.769531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               595107                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              595107                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18603003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               198573                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              198572                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        197933                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       594158                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side          920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  595078                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     25346880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        29440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 25376320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             2300000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1188238000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           990560000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18603003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18603003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18603003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  18603003000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                37212940000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  46083                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34200584                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    83003                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    43.40                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              857442760                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000004                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3602297                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.037213                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 37212940000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            400427                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000004                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3602297                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      400127                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            20                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      499142                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        198916                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2500637                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            45                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         37212929                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   37212929                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2002084                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1598666                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       399838                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    550                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           550                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  798                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 306                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         408                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3701280                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3701280                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             6804501                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2801923                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      400124                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        899264                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     499140                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   191      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2801942     75.69%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       28      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        35      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      10      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                       84      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       68      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     130      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   400076     10.81%     86.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  498956     13.48%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  48      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                184      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3701752                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    12                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              37                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           31                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data            6                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             37                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          425                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       398016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        398441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          425                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       398016                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       398441                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     25439000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24607826000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  24633265000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     25439000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24607826000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  24633265000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       398022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       398478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       398022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       398478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.932018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999985                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999907                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.932018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999985                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999907                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59856.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61826.223066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61824.122016                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59856.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61826.223066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61824.122016                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       397689                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           397689                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       398016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       398441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          425                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       398016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       398441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     24589000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23811794000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23836383000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     24589000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23811794000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23836383000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.932018                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999985                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999907                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.932018                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999985                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999907                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57856.470588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59826.223066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59824.122016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57856.470588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59826.223066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59824.122016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                397798                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             37                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          425                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       398016                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       398441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     25439000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24607826000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24633265000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       398022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       398478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.932018                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999985                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59856.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61826.223066                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61824.122016                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       398016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       398441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     24589000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23811794000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23836383000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.932018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999907                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57856.470588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59826.223066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59824.122016                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       397811                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       397811                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       397811                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       397811                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37212940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse          647.218811                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             795487                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           397798                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999726                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     2.995895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   352.644993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   291.577924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.172190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.142372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.316025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          648                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          520                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.316406                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1194735                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1194735                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37212940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2500177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2500177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2500177                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2500177                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           460                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               460                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33331000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     33331000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33331000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     33331000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2500637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2500637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2500637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2500637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72458.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72458.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72458.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72458.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32411000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     32411000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32411000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     32411000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70458.695652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70458.695652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70458.695652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70458.695652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        243                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2500177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2500177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33331000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     33331000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2500637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2500637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72458.695652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72458.695652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32411000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32411000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70458.695652                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70458.695652                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37212940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               216.820630                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                    6638                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 27.316872                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   216.820630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.846956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.846956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2501097                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2501097                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37212940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              398441                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             398441                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       397689                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1194571                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1194571                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1194571                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     50952320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     50952320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                50952320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          2386886000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2107263500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37212940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           27200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        25473024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            25500224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        27200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          27200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     25452096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         25452096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              425                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           398016                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               398441                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        397689                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              397689                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             730929                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          684520600                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              685251528                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        730929                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            730929                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       683958215                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             683958215                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       683958215                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            730929                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         684520600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1369209743                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    397689.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       425.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    398016.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000016659750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         24854                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         24854                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1178538                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              373608                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       398441                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      397689                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     398441                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    397689                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              24961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              24884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              24925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              24939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              24929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              24910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              24879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              24865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              24875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              24898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             24884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             24890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             24892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             24927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             24871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             24912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              24858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              24853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              24848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              24851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              24849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              24850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              24852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              24856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              24856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              24856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             24856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             24856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             24856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             24856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             24856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             24861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    3898884750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1992205000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              11369653500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9785.35                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28535.35                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    344507                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   345999                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 87.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 398441                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                397689                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   398441                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   24855                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   24856                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   24855                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   24854                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   24854                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   24854                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   24854                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   24854                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   24854                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   24854                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   24854                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   24854                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   24854                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   24854                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   24854                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   24854                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       105598                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     482.471562                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    465.116186                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     91.168544                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1375      1.30%      1.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4313      4.08%      5.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3946      3.74%      9.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2506      2.37%     11.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639        93443     88.49%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            4      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        105598                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        24854                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.031182                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.002736                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       4.877887                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           24853    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-799            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          24854                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        24854                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000241                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000221                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.026911                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             24852     99.99%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          24854                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                25500224                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 25450880                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 25500224                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              25452096                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        685.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        683.93                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     685.25                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     683.96                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    37212894000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46742.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        27200                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     25473024                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     25450880                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 730928.542598354281                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 684520599.554885983467                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 683925537.729617714882                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          425                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       398016                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       397689                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     11272750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  11358380750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 925669407750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26524.12                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28537.50                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2327621.35                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.73                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             376784940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             200254560                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1421923860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1038012660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2937364560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       15425446590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1299919200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         22699706370                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         609.994974                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3252741500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1242540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  32717658500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             377234760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             200489850                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1422944880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1037824740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2937364560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       15443982420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1284310080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         22704151290                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         610.114420                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3211813500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1242540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  32758586500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37212940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37212940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37212940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           401756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               401756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          401760                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              401760                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         398054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             398054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        398054                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            398054                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31374679000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  31374679000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31374679000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  31374679000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       799810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           799810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       799814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          799814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.497686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.497683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78820.157567                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78820.157567                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78820.157567                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78820.157567                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          397874                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                397874                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       398054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        398054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       398054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       398054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30578573000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  30578573000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30578573000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  30578573000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76820.162591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76820.162591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76820.162591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76820.162591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     397912                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          400004                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              400004                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7579000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7579000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       400123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          400123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63689.075630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63689.075630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7341000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7341000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61689.075630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61689.075630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           1752                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               1752                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       397935                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           397935                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31367100000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  31367100000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       399687                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         399687                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995617                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.995617                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78824.682423                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78824.682423                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       397935                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       397935                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30571232000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30571232000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995617                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995617                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76824.687449                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76824.687449                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             4                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 4                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            4                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             4                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37212940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               140.904072                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  399253                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                397912                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.003370                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   140.904072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.550407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.550407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.550781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1197867                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1197867                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37212940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37212940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37212940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst               4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              31                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  35                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst              4                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             31                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 35                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        398023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            398479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       398023                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           398479                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30517000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28986080000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  29016597000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30517000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28986080000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  29016597000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       398054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          398514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       398054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         398514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66923.245614                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72825.138246                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72818.384407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66923.245614                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72825.138246                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72818.384407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         397811                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               397811                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       398023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       398479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       398023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       398479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29605000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28190036000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28219641000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29605000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28190036000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28219641000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64923.245614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70825.143271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70818.389426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64923.245614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70825.143271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70818.389426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    398150                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst              4                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             31                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 35                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       398023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           398479                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30517000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28986080000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  29016597000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       398054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         398514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66923.245614                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72825.138246                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72818.384407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       398023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       398479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29605000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28190036000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28219641000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64923.245614                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70825.143271                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70818.389426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       397874                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       397874                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       397874                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       397874                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37212940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              393.671855                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 795937                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               398150                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.999088                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    27.980873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.785038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   111.905945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.054650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.495674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.218566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.768890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          394                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          362                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.769531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1194932                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1194932                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37212940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               398514                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              398513                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        397874                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1193981                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side          920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1194901                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     50939328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        29440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 50968768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             2300000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           2387884000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1990265000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37212940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37212940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37212940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  37212940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                49910459000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  49898                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34209400                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    88049                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    60.14                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              829861783                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3001033                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5295556                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.049910                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 49910459000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            574793                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3001033                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5295556                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      580982                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            36                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      688321                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        260134                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3788335                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            61                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         49910448                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   49910448                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2910848                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2387893                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       562999                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    661                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           661                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  959                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 363                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1078                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5423833                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5423833                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10112984                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4175104                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      580964                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1269263                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     688299                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  1426      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4141450     76.33%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    13100      0.24%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      100      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       84      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     145      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   580906     10.71%     87.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  688069     12.68%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  58      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                230      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5425621                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    18                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           90                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          206                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           90                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            296                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       521046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        521904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          858                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       521046                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       521904                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51060000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32156648000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  32207708000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51060000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32156648000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  32207708000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       521136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       522200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       521136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       522200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.806391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999827                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999433                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.806391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999827                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999433                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59510.489510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61715.564461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61711.939360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59510.489510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61715.564461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61711.939360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       520140                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           520140                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       521904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          858                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       521904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49344000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31114556000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31163900000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49344000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31114556000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31163900000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.806391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999827                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999433                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.806391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999827                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999433                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57510.489510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59715.564461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59711.939360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57510.489510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59715.564461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59711.939360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                520687                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          206                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           90                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            296                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          858                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       521046                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       521904                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51060000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32156648000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32207708000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       521136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       522200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.806391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999827                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59510.489510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61715.564461                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61711.939360                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       521904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49344000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31114556000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31163900000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.806391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999827                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57510.489510                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59715.564461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59711.939360                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       520534                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       520534                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       520534                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       520534                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49910459000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse          663.225747                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1040885                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           520687                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999061                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     4.651996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   357.362742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   301.211009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.002271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.174494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.147076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.323841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1291                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          906                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          330                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.630371                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1564712                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1564712                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49910459000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3787263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3787263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3787263                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3787263                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1072                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1072                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     69714000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     69714000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     69714000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     69714000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3788335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3788335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3788335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3788335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65031.716418                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65031.716418                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65031.716418                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65031.716418                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67570000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67570000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67570000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67570000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63031.716418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63031.716418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63031.716418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63031.716418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        818                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3787263                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3787263                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1072                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1072                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     69714000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     69714000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3788335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3788335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65031.716418                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65031.716418                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67570000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67570000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63031.716418                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63031.716418                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49910459000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               217.787070                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3275495                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   818                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs               4004.272616                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   217.787070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.850731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.850731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          254                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          231                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.992188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3789407                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3789407                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49910459000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              521904                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             521904                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       520140                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1563948                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1563948                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1563948                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     66690816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     66690816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                66690816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3122604000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2760769250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49910459000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           54912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        33346944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            33401856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        54912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          54912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     33288960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         33288960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              858                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           521046                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               521904                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        520140                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              520140                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1100210                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          668135390                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              669235600                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1100210                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1100210                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       666973630                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             666973630                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       666973630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1100210                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         668135390                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1336209230                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    520140.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       858.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    521044.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000600512500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         32507                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         32507                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1543421                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              488556                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       521904                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      520140                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     521904                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    520140                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       2                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              32656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              32566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              32579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              32603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              32598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              32608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              32629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              32624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              32654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              32609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             32606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             32700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             32735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             32646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             32519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             32570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              32509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              32506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              32504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              32509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              32506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              32508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              32508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              32511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              32514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              32508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             32505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             32507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             32504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             32505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             32504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             32513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.71                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5047984250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2609510000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              14833646750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9672.28                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28422.28                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    451008                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   451673                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 521904                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                520140                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   521902                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   32508                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   32509                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   32508                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   32507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   32507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   32507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   32507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   32507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   32507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   32507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   32507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   32507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   32507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   32507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   32507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   32507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       139342                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     478.602805                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    459.207487                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     96.645121                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2156      1.55%      1.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6480      4.65%      6.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6092      4.37%     10.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3327      2.39%     12.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       121239     87.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            9      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           28      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        139342                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32507                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.053342                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.007388                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       5.138108                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           32502     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-799            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          32507                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32507                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000277                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000257                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.026599                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             32503     99.99%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          32507                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                33401728                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 33287744                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 33401856                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              33288960                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        669.23                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        666.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     669.24                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     666.97                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    49886821000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       47874.01                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        54912                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     33346816                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     33287744                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1100210.278571070638                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 668132825.626788973808                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 666949266.084689855576                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          858                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       521046                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       520140                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     22469250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  14811177500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1213255884750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26187.94                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28425.85                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2332556.40                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.63                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             497165340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             264249645                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1863818460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1357513200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      3939842400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       20406707370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1981020960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         30310317375                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         607.293902                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4982327000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1666600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  43261532000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             497736540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             264553245                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1862561820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1357518420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      3939842400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       20288720790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2080378080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         30291311295                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         606.913098                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5240632250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1666600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  43003226750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49910459000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49910459000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49910459000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           617220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               617220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          617228                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              617228                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         521814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             521814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        522010                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            522010                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41014712000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41014712000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41029290000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41029290000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1139034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1139034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1139238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1139238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.458120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.458120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.458210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.458210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78600.252197                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78600.252197                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78598.666692                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78598.666692                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          521090                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                521090                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        521814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       522010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39971086000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39971086000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39985272000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39985272000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.458120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.458210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76600.256030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76600.256030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76598.670524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76598.670524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     521753                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          579749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              579749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          1026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              1026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32239000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     32239000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       580775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          580775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.001767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31422.027290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31422.027290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     30189000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30189000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29423.976608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29423.976608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data          37471                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total              37471                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       520788                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           520788                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40982473000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  40982473000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       558259                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         558259                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.932879                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.932879                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78693.197616                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78693.197616                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       520788                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       520788                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39940897000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39940897000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.932879                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.932879                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76693.197616                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76693.197616                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14578000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     14578000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74377.551020                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74377.551020                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14186000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14186000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72377.551020                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72377.551020                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49910459000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               143.952273                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1083279                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                521753                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  2.076230                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   143.952273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.562314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.562314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1661247                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1661247                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49910459000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49910459000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49910459000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst               8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst              8                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            873                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                881                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        521137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            522201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       521137                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           522201                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     63176000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37889324000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  37952500000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     63176000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37889324000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  37952500000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       522010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          523082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       522010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         523082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.998316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.998316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59375.939850                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72705.112091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72677.953508                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59375.939850                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72705.112091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72677.953508                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         520534                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               520534                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       522201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       522201                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61048000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36847052000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  36908100000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61048000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36847052000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  36908100000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998328                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998316                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998328                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998316                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57375.939850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70705.115929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70677.957338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57375.939850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70705.115929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70677.957338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    522001                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst              8                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                881                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       521137                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           522201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     63176000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37889324000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  37952500000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       522010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         523082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.998316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59375.939850                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72705.112091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72677.953508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       522201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61048000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36847052000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36908100000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998328                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57375.939850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70705.115929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70677.957338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       521090                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       521090                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       521090                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       521090                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49910459000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              396.497127                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1042404                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               522001                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.996939                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    28.340218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.753021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   115.403888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.055352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.493658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.225398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.774408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          499                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          390                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.974609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1566672                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1566672                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49910459000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               523082                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              523081                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        521090                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1565109                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         2144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1567253                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     66758336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        68608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 66826944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             5360000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3128532000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2610045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49910459000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49910459000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49910459000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  49910459000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                53129534000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  64604                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34209532                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   109969                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    61.95                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              857590775                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4002335                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6812823                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.053130                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 53129534000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            712004                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4002335                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6812823                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      728052                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            38                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      762828                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        260144                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5134735                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            61                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         53129525                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   53129525                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3675812                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3202346                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       672901                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    661                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           661                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  959                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 363                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3564                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               6938398                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      6938398                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            13213945                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5512962                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      727929                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1490639                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     762710                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  4122      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5401783     77.80%     77.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    45965      0.66%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      100      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       84      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     145      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   727871     10.48%     89.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  762480     10.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  58      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                230      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6942891                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    18                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data          572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            1214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          642                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data          572                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           1214                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       521670                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        522596                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          926                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       521670                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       522596                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     55184000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32192974000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  32248158000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     55184000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32192974000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  32248158000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       522242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       523810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       522242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       523810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.590561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.590561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997682                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59593.952484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61711.376924                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61707.625011                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59593.952484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61711.376924                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61707.625011                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       520253                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           520253                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       522596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          926                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521670                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       522596                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53332000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31149634000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31202966000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53332000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31149634000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31202966000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.590561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998905                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.590561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998905                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57593.952484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59711.376924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59707.625011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57593.952484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59711.376924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59707.625011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                521336                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           1214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       521670                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       522596                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     55184000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32192974000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32248158000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       522242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       523810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.590561                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998905                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.997682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59593.952484                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61711.376924                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61707.625011                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       522596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53332000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31149634000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31202966000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.590561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57593.952484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59711.376924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59707.625011                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       521126                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       521126                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       521126                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       521126                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53129534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse          706.889125                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1041734                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           521336                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998201                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    11.119990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   364.088100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   331.681034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.005430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.177777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.161954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.345161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1490                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.727539                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1567762                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1567762                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53129534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5133154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5133154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5133154                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5133154                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1581                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1581                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83364000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     83364000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83364000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     83364000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5134735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5134735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5134735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5134735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52728.652751                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52728.652751                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52728.652751                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52728.652751                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     80202000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80202000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     80202000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80202000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50728.652751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50728.652751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50728.652751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50728.652751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1326                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5133154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5133154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83364000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     83364000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5134735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5134735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52728.652751                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52728.652751                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     80202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50728.652751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50728.652751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53129534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               220.017442                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3576765                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1326                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs               2697.409502                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   220.017442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.859443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.859443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          244                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5136316                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5136316                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53129534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              522596                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             522596                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       520253                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1565445                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1565445                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1565445                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     66742336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     66742336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                66742336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3123861000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2764453750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53129534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           59264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        33386880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            33446144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        59264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          59264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     33296192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         33296192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              926                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           521670                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               522596                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        520253                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              520253                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1115462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          628405286                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              629520748                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1115462                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1115462                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       626698363                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             626698363                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       626698363                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1115462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         628405286                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1256219112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    520252.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       926.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    521632.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005203472500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         32513                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         32513                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1545668                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              488650                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       522596                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      520253                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     522596                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    520253                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      38                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              32663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              32566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              32585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              32635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              32644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              32801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              32704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              32715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              32658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              32609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             32607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             32719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             32742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             32717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             32623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             32570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              32509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              32506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              32504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              32513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              32510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              32571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              32509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              32513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              32517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              32508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             32508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             32511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             32513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             32511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             32505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             32513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.61                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5053433750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2612790000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              14851396250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9670.57                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28420.57                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    451421                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   451752                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 522596                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                520253                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   522558                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   32514                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   32515                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   32515                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   32514                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   32514                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   32514                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   32514                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   32514                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   32514                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   32514                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   32514                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   32514                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   32514                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   32514                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   32513                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   32513                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       139606                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     478.044325                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    457.926091                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     98.090312                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2345      1.68%      1.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6505      4.66%      6.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6107      4.37%     10.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3335      2.39%     13.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       121241     86.85%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            9      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           14      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            6      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           44      0.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        139606                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32513                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.068988                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.011584                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       5.392477                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           32504     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63              1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-799            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          32513                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32513                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000400                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000373                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.030876                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             32507     99.98%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 3      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          32513                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                33443712                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     2432                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 33294144                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 33446144                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              33296192                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        629.47                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        626.66                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     629.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     626.70                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          9.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    53112760000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       50930.44                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        59264                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     33384448                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     33294144                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1115462.446932058549                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 628359510.926634550095                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 626659815.988598704338                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          926                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       521670                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       520253                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     24325000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  14827071250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1267563270000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26268.90                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28422.32                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2436436.25                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.61                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             498514800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             264966900                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1865289300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1357648920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4193688720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       20802407640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2883924480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         31866440760                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         599.787695                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7325454500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1773980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  44030099500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             498272040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             264837870                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1865774820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1357904700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4193688720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       20397281850                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3225083040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         31802843040                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         598.590664                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8215606500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1773980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  43139947500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53129534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53129534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53129534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           836497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               836497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          836505                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              836505                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         524111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             524111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        524307                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            524307                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41088695000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41088695000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41103273000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41103273000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1360608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1360608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1360812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1360812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.385204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.385204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.385290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.385290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78396.933092                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78396.933092                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78395.430540                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78395.430540                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          522439                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                522439                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       524111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        524111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       524307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       524307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40040475000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40040475000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40054661000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40054661000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.385204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.385204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.385290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.385290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76396.936908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76396.936908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76395.434354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76395.434354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     524050                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          725099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              725099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          2746                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              2746                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     72276000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     72276000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       727845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          727845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26320.466133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26320.466133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     66784000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66784000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24320.466133                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24320.466133                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         111398                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             111398                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       521365                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           521365                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41016419000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  41016419000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       632763                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         632763                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.823950                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.823950                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78671.216902                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78671.216902                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521365                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       521365                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39973691000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39973691000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.823950                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.823950                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76671.220738                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76671.220738                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14578000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     14578000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74377.551020                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74377.551020                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14186000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14186000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72377.551020                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72377.551020                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53129534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               150.741153                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1321554                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                524050                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  2.521809                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.741153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.588833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.588833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1885118                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1885118                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53129534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53129534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53129534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            2064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                2077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             13                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           2064                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               2077                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        522243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            523811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       522243                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           523811                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     73716000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37938780000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  38012496000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     73716000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37938780000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  38012496000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       524307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          525888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       524307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         525888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.996050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.996050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 47012.755102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72645.837283                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72569.106033                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 47012.755102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72645.837283                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72569.106033                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         521126                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               521126                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       523811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       523811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     70580000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36894296000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  36964876000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     70580000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36894296000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  36964876000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996050                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45012.755102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70645.841112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70569.109851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45012.755102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70645.841112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70569.109851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    524057                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             13                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           2064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               2077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       522243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           523811                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     73716000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37938780000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  38012496000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       524307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         525888                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.996050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 47012.755102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72645.837283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72569.106033                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       523811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     70580000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36894296000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36964876000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996050                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45012.755102                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70645.841112                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70569.109851                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       522439                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       522439                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       522439                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       522439                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53129534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              403.017965                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1046661                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               524057                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.997227                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    32.452552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   244.064989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   126.500424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.063384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.476689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.247071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.787144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          387                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1572896                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1572896                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53129534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               525888                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              525887                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        522439                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1571052                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1574214                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     66991680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       101184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 67092864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             7905000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3138083000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2621530000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53129534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53129534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53129534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  53129534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                56326400000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  78609                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34209532                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   130651                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    63.64                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              885102747                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5002522                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       8314395                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.056326                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 56326400000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            846715                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5002522                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       8314395                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      879257                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            38                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      829701                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        260150                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6478748                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            61                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         56326389                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   56326389                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4420598                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3998418                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       777386                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    661                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           661                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  959                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 363                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        4848                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               8437570                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      8437570                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            16298378                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6847892                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      879089                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1708618                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     829529                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  6514      0.08%      0.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6647748     78.72%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    81203      0.96%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      100      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       84      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     145      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   879031     10.41%     90.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  829299      9.82%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  58      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                230      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    8444465                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    18                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            2290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          949                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1341                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           2290                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          952                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       522140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        523092                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          952                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       522140                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       523092                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56732000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32222247000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  32278979000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56732000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32222247000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  32278979000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       523481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       525382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       523481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       525382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.500789                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997438                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.995641                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.500789                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997438                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.995641                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59592.436975                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61711.891447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61708.034151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59592.436975                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61711.891447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61708.034151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       520502                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           520502                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       523092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          952                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       523092                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54828000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31177967000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31232795000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54828000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31177967000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31232795000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.500789                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997438                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995641                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.500789                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997438                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995641                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57592.436975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59711.891447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59708.034151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57592.436975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59711.891447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59708.034151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                521880                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          949                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           2290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          952                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       522140                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       523092                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56732000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32222247000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32278979000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       523481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       525382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.500789                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.995641                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59592.436975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61711.891447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61708.034151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       523092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54828000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31177967000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31232795000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.500789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57592.436975                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59711.891447                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59708.034151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       522021                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       522021                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       522021                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       522021                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56326400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse          754.613173                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1042708                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           521880                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.997984                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    20.840173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   365.469216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   368.303784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.010176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.178452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.179836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.368463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1583                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1310                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          235                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.772949                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1570866                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1570866                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56326400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6476834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6476834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6476834                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6476834                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1914                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1914                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91189000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     91189000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91189000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     91189000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6478748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6478748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6478748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6478748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 47643.155695                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47643.155695                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 47643.155695                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47643.155695                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     87361000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     87361000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     87361000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     87361000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000295                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45643.155695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45643.155695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45643.155695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45643.155695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1659                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6476834                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6476834                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1914                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1914                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91189000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91189000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6478748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6478748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 47643.155695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47643.155695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     87361000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     87361000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45643.155695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45643.155695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56326400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               222.002915                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3873570                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs               2334.882459                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   222.002915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.867199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.867199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          246                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6480662                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6480662                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56326400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              523092                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             523092                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       520502                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1566686                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1566686                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1566686                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     66790016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     66790016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                66790016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3125602000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2767108250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56326400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           60928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        33416960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            33477888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        60928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          60928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     33312128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         33312128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              952                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           522140                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               523092                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        520502                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              520502                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1081695                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          593273492                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              594355187                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1081695                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1081695                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       591412340                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             591412340                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       591412340                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1081695                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         593273492                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1185767526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    520497.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       952.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    522086.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005203472500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         32528                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         32528                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1547691                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              488893                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       523092                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      520502                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     523092                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    520502                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      54                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      5                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              32663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              32566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              32585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              32638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              32660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              32941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              32706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              32824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              32723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              32609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             32607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             32725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             32748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             32722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             32647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             32674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              32509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              32506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              32504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              32516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              32510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              32631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              32514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              32591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              32582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              32508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             32508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             32532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             32524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             32514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             32512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             32518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.63                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5058872250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2615190000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              14865834750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9672.09                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28422.09                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    451685                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   451971                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 523092                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                520502                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   523038                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   32529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   32529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   32529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   32528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   32528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   32528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   32528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   32528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   32528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   32528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   32528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   32528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   32528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   32528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   32528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   32528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       139861                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     477.510443                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    456.688866                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     99.488013                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2529      1.81%      1.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6530      4.67%      6.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6117      4.37%     10.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3342      2.39%     13.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       121246     86.69%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           10      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           17      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            6      0.00%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           64      0.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        139861                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32528                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.079531                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.016747                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       5.451326                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           32512     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63              6      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              2      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-799            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          32528                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32528                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000953                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000898                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.043999                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             32511     99.95%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 5      0.02%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                10      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          32528                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                33474432                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     3456                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 33310656                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 33477888                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              33312128                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        594.29                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        591.39                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     594.36                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     591.41                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          9.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.62                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    56284134000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       53932.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        60928                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     33413504                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     33310656                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1081695.261902056634                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 593212134.984660863876                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 591386206.112941741943                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          952                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       522140                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       520502                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     25005000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  14840829750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1381329385750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26265.76                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28423.09                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2653840.69                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.60                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             499650060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             265570305                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1866788700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1358233560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4446305760.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       21057854850                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3896407200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         33390810435                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         592.809241                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9954539250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1880840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  44491020750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             498957480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             265202190                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1867702620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1358666820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4446305760.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       20556155670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4318890720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         33311881260                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         591.407959                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11057526750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1880840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  43388033250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56326400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56326400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56326400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1052153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1052153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1052161                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1052161                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         526531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             526531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        526727                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            526727                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41158317000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41158317000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41172895000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41172895000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1578684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1578684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1578888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1578888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.333525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.333525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.333606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.333606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78168.839062                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78168.839062                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78167.428288                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78167.428288                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          523714                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                523714                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       526531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        526531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       526727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       526727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40105257000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40105257000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40119443000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40119443000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.333525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.333606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76168.842860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76168.842860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76167.432085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76167.432085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     526470                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          874450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              874450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4600                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4600                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    115598000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    115598000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       879050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          879050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.005233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        25130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        25130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    106398000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    106398000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.005233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        23130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        23130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         177703                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             177703                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       521931                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           521931                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41042719000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  41042719000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       699634                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         699634                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.746006                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.746006                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78636.292920                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78636.292920                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521931                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       521931                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39998859000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39998859000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.746006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.746006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76636.296752                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76636.296752                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14578000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     14578000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74377.551020                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74377.551020                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14186000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14186000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72377.551020                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72377.551020                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56326400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               156.715233                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1471604                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                526470                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  2.795229                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   156.715233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.612169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.612169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          226                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2105614                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2105614                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56326400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56326400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56326400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                3258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             13                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3245                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               3258                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        523482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            525383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       523482                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           525383                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     79541000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37983220000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  38062761000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     79541000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37983220000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  38062761000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       526727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          528641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       526727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         528641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.993837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.993837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41841.662283                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72558.789032                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72447.644861                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41841.662283                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72558.789032                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72447.644861                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         522021                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               522021                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       523482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       525383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       523482                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       525383                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     75739000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36936258000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37011997000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     75739000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36936258000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37011997000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993837                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993837                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39841.662283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70558.792852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70447.648668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39841.662283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70558.792852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70447.648668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    526333                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             13                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               3258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       523482                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           525383                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     79541000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37983220000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  38062761000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       526727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         528641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.993837                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41841.662283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72558.789032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72447.644861                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       523482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       525383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     75739000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36936258000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37011997000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993837                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39841.662283                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70558.792852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70447.648668                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       523714                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       523714                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       523714                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       523714                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56326400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              409.203358                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1050325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               526333                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.995552                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    36.708887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   232.421364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   140.073107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.071697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.453948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.273580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.799225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          479                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1579200                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1579200                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56326400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               528641                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              528640                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        523714                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1577167                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1580995                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     67228160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       122496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 67350656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             9570000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3147211000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2633630000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56326400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56326400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56326400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  56326400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                59624666000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  91671                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34209532                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   150210                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    65.46                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              910884467                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000557                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9832448                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.059625                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 59624666000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            979504                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000557                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9832448                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1045315                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            40                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      899783                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        260160                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7826045                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            61                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         59624665                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   59624665                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5172908                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4802443                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       880959                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    661                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           661                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  959                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 363                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        6006                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9950015                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9950015                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            19436418                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8196943                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1045094                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1944617                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     899523                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 12060      0.12%      0.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7889995     79.20%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   115467      1.16%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      100      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       84      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     145      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1045036     10.49%     90.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  899293      9.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  58      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                230      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9962521                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    18                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         1537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            3805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1537                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2268                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           3805                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       523216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        524254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1038                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       523216                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       524254                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62212000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32286999000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  32349211000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62212000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32286999000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  32349211000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       528059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       528059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.403107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.992794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.403107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.992794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59934.489403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61708.737883                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61705.224948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59934.489403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61708.737883                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61705.224948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       521003                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           521003                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       523216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       524254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1038                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       523216                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       524254                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60136000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31240567000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31300703000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60136000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31240567000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31300703000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.403107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992794                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.403107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992794                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57934.489403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59708.737883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59705.224948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57934.489403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59708.737883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59705.224948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                523313                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           3805                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1038                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       523216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       524254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62212000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32286999000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32349211000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       528059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.403107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.992794                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59934.489403                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61708.737883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61705.224948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       523216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       524254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60136000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31240567000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31300703000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.403107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992794                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57934.489403                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59708.737883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59705.224948                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       523105                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       523105                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       523105                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       523105                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59624666000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse          803.604390                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1046028                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           523313                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998857                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    32.558586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   365.205313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   405.840491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.015898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.178323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.198164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.392385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1759                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          359                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          941                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          451                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.858887                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1576236                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1576236                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59624666000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7823430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7823430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7823430                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7823430                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           2615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               2615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          2615                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              2615                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    109726000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    109726000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    109726000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    109726000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7826045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7826045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7826045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7826045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41960.229446                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41960.229446                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41960.229446                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41960.229446                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          2615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104496000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    104496000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104496000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    104496000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39960.229446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39960.229446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39960.229446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39960.229446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       2360                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7823430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7823430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          2615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              2615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    109726000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    109726000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7826045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7826045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41960.229446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41960.229446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104496000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    104496000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000334                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000334                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39960.229446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39960.229446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59624666000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               223.828220                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4607070                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  2360                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs               1952.148305                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   223.828220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.874329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.874329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7828660                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7828660                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59624666000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              524254                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             524254                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       521003                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1569511                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1569511                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1569511                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     66896448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     66896448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                66896448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3129269000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2773296750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59624666000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           66432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        33485824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            33552256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        66432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          66432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     33344192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         33344192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1038                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           523216                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               524254                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        521003                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              521003                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1114170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          561610257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              562724427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1114170                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1114170                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       559234864                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             559234864                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       559234864                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1114170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         561610257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1121959291                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    520991.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1038.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    523128.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005203472500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         32557                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         32557                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1551274                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              489365                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       524254                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      521003                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     524254                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    521003                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      88                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     12                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              32805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              32602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              32585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              32651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              32708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              33220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              32708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              32954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              32940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              32752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             32672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             32747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             32750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             32726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             32647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             32699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              32529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              32507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              32504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              32519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              32510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              32743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              32515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              32656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              32732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              32582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             32521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             32547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             32525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             32516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             32512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             32557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.55                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5069565750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2620830000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              14897678250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9671.68                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28421.68                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    452480                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   452395                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 524254                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                521003                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   524166                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   32557                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   32558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   32558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   32557                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   32557                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   32557                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   32557                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   32557                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   32557                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   32557                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   32557                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   32557                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   32558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   32557                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   32557                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   32557                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       140266                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     476.872685                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    455.152396                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    101.453291                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2746      1.96%      1.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6594      4.70%      6.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6148      4.38%     11.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3363      2.40%     13.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       121253     86.45%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           17      0.01%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           31      0.02%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           18      0.01%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           96      0.07%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        140266                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32557                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.099487                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.027307                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       5.515175                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           32523     99.90%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             21      0.06%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              5      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-799            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          32557                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32557                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.001935                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.001818                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.063887                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             32525     99.90%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 5      0.02%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                23      0.07%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 4      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          32557                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                33546624                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     5632                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 33342400                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 33552256                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              33344192                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        562.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        559.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     562.72                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     559.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    59618451000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       57037.12                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        66432                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     33480192                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     33342400                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1114169.763231881196                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 561515799.518273234367                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 559204809.633650660515                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1038                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       523216                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       521003                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     27610000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  14870068250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1463819214250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26599.23                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28420.52                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2809617.63                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.58                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             500928120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             266249610                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1870201620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1359768240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4706298480.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       21237588390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5011586880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         34952621340                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         586.210770                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12851168250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1990820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  44782677750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             500571120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             266059860                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1872343620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1359721260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4706298480.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       20893476540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5301365280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         34899836160                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         585.325479                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13607938250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1990820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  44025907750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59624666000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59624666000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59624666000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1285062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1285062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1285070                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1285070                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         529757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             529757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        529953                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            529953                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41277345000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41277345000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41291923000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41291923000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1814819                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1814819                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1815023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1815023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.291906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.291981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77917.507461                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77917.507461                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77916.198229                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77916.198229                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          525279                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                525279                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       529757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        529757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       529953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       529953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40217831000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40217831000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40232017000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40232017000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75917.507461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75917.507461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75916.198229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75916.198229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     529697                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1038281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1038281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          6827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              6827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    182527000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    182527000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1045108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1045108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006532                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.006532                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26736.048045                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26736.048045                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    168873000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    168873000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24736.048045                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24736.048045                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         246781                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             246781                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       522930                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           522930                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41094818000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  41094818000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       769711                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         769711                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.679385                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.679385                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78585.695982                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78585.695982                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522930                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       522930                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40048958000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40048958000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.679385                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.679385                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76585.695982                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76585.695982                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14578000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     14578000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74377.551020                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74377.551020                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14186000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14186000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72377.551020                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72377.551020                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59624666000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               162.207382                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1797924                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                529697                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  3.394250                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   162.207382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.633623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.633623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2344976                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2344976                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59624666000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59624666000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59624666000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              40                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            4469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                4509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             40                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           4469                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               4509                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          2575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        525484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            528059                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           528059                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     93611000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38071859000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  38165470000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     93611000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38071859000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  38165470000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         2615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       529953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          532568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         2615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       529953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         532568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984704                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.991533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984704                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.991533                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36353.786408                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72451.033714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72275.010936                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36353.786408                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72451.033714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72275.010936                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         523106                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               523106                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       528059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       528059                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     88461000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37020891000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37109352000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     88461000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37020891000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37109352000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34353.786408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70451.033714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70275.010936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34353.786408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70451.033714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70275.010936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    529860                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             40                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           4469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               4509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           528059                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     93611000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38071859000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  38165470000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         2615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       529953                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         532568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.991533                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36353.786408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72451.033714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72275.010936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       528059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     88461000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37020891000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37109352000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984704                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34353.786408                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70451.033714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70275.010936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       525279                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       525279                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       525279                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       525279                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59624666000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              414.889775                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1056663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               529860                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.994231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    42.528308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.869338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.492128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.083063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.433339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.293930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.810332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          318                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1588219                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1588219                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59624666000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               532568                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              532568                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        525279                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1585185                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         5230                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1590415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     67534848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       167360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 67702208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            13075000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3158963000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2649765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59624666000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59624666000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59624666000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  59624666000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                62880524000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 104221                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34209532                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   168944                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    67.17                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              936207910                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11347155                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.062881                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 62880524000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1110509                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11347155                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1207392                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            40                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      980019                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        260168                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9172099                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            61                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         62880524                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   62880524                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5934978                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             5610817                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       986239                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    661                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           661                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  959                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 363                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        8317                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11461735                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11461735                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22575477                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9532463                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1207070                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2186702                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     979632                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 14978      0.13%      0.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9126838     79.52%     79.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   148331      1.29%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      100      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       84      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     145      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1207012     10.52%     91.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  979402      8.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  58      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                230      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11477231                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    18                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         2305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            5227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2305                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2922                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           5227                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       523707                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        524771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       523707                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       524771                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     63718000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32318123000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  32381841000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     63718000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32318123000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  32381841000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       529998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       529998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.315821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.990138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.315821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.990138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59885.338346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61710.313209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61706.612980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59885.338346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61710.313209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61706.612980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       521219                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           521219                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       523707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       524771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       523707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       524771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61590000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31270709000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31332299000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61590000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31270709000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31332299000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.315821                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.315821                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57885.338346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59710.313209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59706.612980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57885.338346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59710.313209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59706.612980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                523802                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           5227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       523707                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       524771                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     63718000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32318123000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32381841000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       529998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.315821                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.990138                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59885.338346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61710.313209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61706.612980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       523707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       524771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61590000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31270709000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31332299000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.315821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994452                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57885.338346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59710.313209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59706.612980                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       523926                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       523926                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       523926                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       523926                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62880524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse          856.835193                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1053924                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           525713                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.004752                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    46.898647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   359.153633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   450.782913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.022900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.175368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.220109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.418377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1911                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          709                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.933105                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1579637                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1579637                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62880524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9168685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9168685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9168685                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9168685                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           3414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               3414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          3414                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              3414                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    126351000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    126351000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    126351000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    126351000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9172099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9172099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9172099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9172099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37009.666081                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37009.666081                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37009.666081                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37009.666081                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          3414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    119523000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    119523000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    119523000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    119523000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35009.666081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35009.666081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35009.666081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35009.666081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       3159                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9168685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9168685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          3414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              3414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    126351000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    126351000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9172099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9172099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37009.666081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37009.666081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    119523000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    119523000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35009.666081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35009.666081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62880524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               225.442247                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9172099                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  3414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs               2686.613650                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   225.442247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.880634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.880634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          208                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9175513                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9175513                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62880524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              524771                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             524771                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       521219                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1570761                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1570761                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1570761                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     66943360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     66943360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                66943360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3130866000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2776069500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62880524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           68096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        33517248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            33585344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        68096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          68096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     33358016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         33358016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1064                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           523707                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               524771                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        521219                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              521219                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1082943                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          533030673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              534113615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1082943                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1082943                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       530498378                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             530498378                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       530498378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1082943                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         533030673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1064611993                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    521205.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1064.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    523610.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005203472500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         32569                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         32569                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1553337                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              489559                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       524771                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      521219                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     524771                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    521219                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      97                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     14                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              32816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              32694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              32712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              32654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              32722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              33335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              32708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              32959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              32940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              32759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             32736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             32817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             32750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             32726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             32647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             32699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              32538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              32512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              32510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              32523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              32510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              32805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              32516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              32662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              32734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              32615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             32589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             32557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             32525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             32516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             32512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             32557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.37                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5075512000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2623370000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              14913149500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9673.65                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28423.65                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    452748                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   452565                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 524771                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                521219                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   524674                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   32570                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   32571                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   32571                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   32570                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   32570                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   32570                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   32570                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   32569                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   32569                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   32569                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   32569                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   32569                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   32570                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   32569                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   32569                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   32569                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       140542                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     476.261331                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    453.799923                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    102.858192                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2940      2.09%      2.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6634      4.72%      6.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6163      4.39%     11.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3365      2.39%     13.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       121255     86.28%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           19      0.01%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           34      0.02%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           23      0.02%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          109      0.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        140542                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32569                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.108508                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.031579                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       5.560658                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           32531     99.88%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             22      0.07%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              7      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             2      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-799            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          32569                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32569                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.002364                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.002223                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.070270                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             32530     99.88%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 5      0.02%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                30      0.09%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 4      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          32569                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                33579136                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     6208                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 33355584                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 33585344                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              33358016                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        534.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        530.46                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     534.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     530.50                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    62868258000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       60104.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        68096                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     33511040                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     33355584                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1082942.629422108643                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 532931945.668900668621                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 530459701.639890968800                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       523707                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       521219                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     28248750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  14884900750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1516501974250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26549.58                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28422.19                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2909529.34                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.56                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             501170880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             266378640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1871208360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1360358100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4963218000.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       21313310610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6198070560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         36473715150                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         580.047888                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15934915750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2099500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  44846108250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             502299000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             266978250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1874964000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1360206720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4963218000.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       21354808890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6163124640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         36485599500                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         580.236887                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15843386750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2099500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  44937637250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62880524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62880524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62880524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1525263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1525263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1525271                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1525271                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         531865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             531865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        532061                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            532061                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41343725000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41343725000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41358303000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41358303000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2057128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2057128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2057332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2057332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.258547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.258547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.258617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.258617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77733.494402                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77733.494402                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77732.258143                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77732.258143                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          526327                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                526327                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       531865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        531865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       532061                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       532061                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40279995000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40279995000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40294181000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40294181000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.258547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.258547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.258617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.258617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75733.494402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75733.494402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75732.258143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75732.258143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     531805                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1198868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1198868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          8317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              8317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    216212000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    216212000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1207185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1207185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.006890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25996.392930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25996.392930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    199578000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    199578000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23996.392930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23996.392930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         326395                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             326395                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       523548                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           523548                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41127513000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  41127513000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       849943                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         849943                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.615980                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.615980                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78555.381742                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78555.381742                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       523548                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       523548                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40080417000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40080417000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.615980                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.615980                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76555.381742                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76555.381742                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14578000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     14578000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74377.551020                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74377.551020                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14186000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14186000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72377.551020                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72377.551020                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62880524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               167.063822                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2057332                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                532061                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  3.866722                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   167.063822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.652593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.652593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2589393                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2589393                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62880524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62880524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62880524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              45                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            5432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                5477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             45                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           5432                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               5477                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          3369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        526629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            529998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           529998                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    105387000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38116886000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  38222273000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    105387000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38116886000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  38222273000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         3414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       532061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          535475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         3414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       532061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         535475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.986819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.989791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.989772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.986819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.989791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.989772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31281.389136                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72379.010651                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72117.768369                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31281.389136                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72379.010651                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72117.768369                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         523926                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               523926                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       529998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       529998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98649000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37063628000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37162277000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98649000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37063628000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37162277000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.986819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.989791                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.986819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.989791                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989772                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29281.389136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70379.010651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70117.768369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29281.389136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70379.010651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70117.768369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    532318                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             45                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           5432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               5477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           529998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    105387000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38116886000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  38222273000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         3414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       532061                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         535475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.986819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.989791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.989772                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31281.389136                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72379.010651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72117.768369                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       529998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98649000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37063628000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37162277000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.986819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.989791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29281.389136                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70379.010651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70117.768369                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       526327                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       526327                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       526327                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       526327                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62880524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              419.917995                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1061802                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               532830                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.992759                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    47.319116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   212.127846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   160.471032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.092420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.414312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.313420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.820152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          365                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1594632                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1594632                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62880524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               535475                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              535475                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        526327                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1590449                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         6828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1597277                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     67736832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       218496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 67955328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            17070000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3167110000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2660305000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62880524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62880524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62880524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  62880524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
