
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                17592425000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 110598                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1278776                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   199319                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     9.04                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1945614470                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1802250                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.017592                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17592425000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            200427                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1802250                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      200130                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            15                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      249167                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         98945                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1250607                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            45                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         17592414                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   17592414                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1002046                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              798720                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       199849                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    550                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           550                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  798                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 306                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         400                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1851257                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1851257                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3404395                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1401875                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      200127                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        449292                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     249165                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   191      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1401882     75.71%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       28      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        35      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      10      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                       84      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       68      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     130      0.01%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   200079     10.81%     86.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  248981     13.45%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  48      0.00%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                184      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1851720                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17592425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17592425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1250147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1250147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1250147                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1250147                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           460                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               460                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32805000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     32805000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32805000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     32805000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1250607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1250607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1250607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1250607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71315.217391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71315.217391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71315.217391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71315.217391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31885000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     31885000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31885000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     31885000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69315.217391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69315.217391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69315.217391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69315.217391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        243                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1250147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1250147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32805000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     32805000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1250607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1250607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71315.217391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71315.217391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31885000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31885000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69315.217391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69315.217391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17592425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               216.632207                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                    6638                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 27.316872                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   216.632207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.846220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.846220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1251067                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1251067                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17592425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              198537                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             198537                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       197870                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       594944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       594944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 594944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     25370048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     25370048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                25370048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1187887000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         1051446000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              6.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17592425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           29184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        12677184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            12706368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        29184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          29184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     12663680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         12663680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              456                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           198081                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               198537                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        197870                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              197870                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1658896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          720604692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              722263588                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1658896                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1658896                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       719837089                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             719837089                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       719837089                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1658896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         720604692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1442100677                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    197870.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       456.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    198081.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000125002500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         12365                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         12365                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               587097                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              185475                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       198537                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      197870                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     198537                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    197870                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              12476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              12389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              12440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              12444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              12433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              12414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              12388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              12369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              12379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              12403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             12388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             12394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             12398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             12431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             12375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             12416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              12363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              12360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              12360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              12371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              12361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              12372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              12364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              12368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              12368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              12368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             12368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             12366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             12360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             12360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             12360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             12371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1773068250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   992685000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               5495637000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8930.67                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27680.67                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    171374                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   181257                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 198537                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                197870                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   198537                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   12366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   12366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   12366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   12366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   12366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   12366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   12366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   12366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   12366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   12366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   12366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   12366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   12366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   12365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   12365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   12365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        43737                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     579.920159                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    496.688797                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    262.291967                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2305      5.27%      5.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2316      5.30%     10.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           26      0.06%     10.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          579      1.32%     11.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639        28094     64.23%     76.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      0.02%     76.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            3      0.01%     76.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         3936      9.00%     85.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         6471     14.80%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         43737                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12365                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.055317                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.005039                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       6.133228                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           12364     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          12365                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12365                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             12365    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          12365                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                12706368                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 12661760                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 12706368                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              12663680                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        722.26                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        719.73                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     722.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     719.84                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         11.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.62                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    17592383000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       44379.60                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        29184                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     12677184                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     12661760                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1658895.803165283054                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 720604692.076277256012                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 719727951.092586755753                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          456                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       198081                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       197870                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     11598250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   5484038750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 433824494000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25434.76                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27685.84                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2192472.30                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     88.96                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             155901900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              82844850                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            708173760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           516367620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1388471760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        7579353270                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         372877920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10803991080                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         614.127449                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    908166750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    587340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  16096918250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             156444540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              83137065                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            709380420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           516357180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1388471760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        7580165520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         372193920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10806150405                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         614.250190                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    906428750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    587340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  16098656250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17592425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17592425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17592425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           201712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               201712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          201714                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              201714                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         198113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             198113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        198113                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            198113                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14654842000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14654842000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14654842000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14654842000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       399825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           399825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       399827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          399827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.495499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.495497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73972.137114                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73972.137114                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73972.137114                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73972.137114                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          197933                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                197933                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       198113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        198113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       198113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       198113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14258618000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14258618000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14258618000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14258618000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71972.147209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71972.147209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71972.147209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71972.147209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     197971                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          200010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              200010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7608000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7608000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       200128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          200128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64474.576271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64474.576271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7372000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7372000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62474.576271                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62474.576271                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           1702                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               1702                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       197995                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           197995                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14647234000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  14647234000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       199697                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         199697                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991477                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.991477                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73977.797419                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73977.797419                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       197995                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       197995                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14251246000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14251246000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991477                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991477                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71977.807520                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71977.807520                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17592425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               140.803331                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  199301                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                197971                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.006718                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   140.803331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.550013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.550013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.550781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                597939                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               597939                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17592425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17592425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17592425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst               4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              31                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  35                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst              4                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             31                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 35                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        198082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            198538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       198082                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           198538                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29991000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13465889000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  13495880000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29991000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13465889000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  13495880000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       198113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          198573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       198113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         198573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65769.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67981.386497                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67976.306803                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65769.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67981.386497                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67976.306803                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         197870                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               197870                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       198082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       198538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       198082                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       198538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29079000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13069727000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13098806000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29079000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13069727000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13098806000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63769.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65981.396593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65976.316876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63769.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65981.396593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65976.316876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    198207                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst              4                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             31                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 35                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       198082                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           198538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29991000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13465889000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13495880000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       198113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         198573                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999824                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65769.736842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67981.386497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67976.306803                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       198082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       198538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29079000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13069727000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13098806000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999824                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63769.736842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65981.396593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65976.316876                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       197933                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       197933                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       197933                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       197933                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17592425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              393.326854                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 396055                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               198207                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998189                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    27.961149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.559939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   111.805767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.054612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.495234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.218371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.768217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          394                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          362                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.769531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               595107                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              595107                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17592425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               198573                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              198572                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        197933                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       594158                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side          920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  595078                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     25346880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        29440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 25376320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             2300000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1188238000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           990560000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17592425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17592425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17592425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  17592425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                35283821000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 103289                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1282316                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   186036                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    19.36                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1822185793                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000004                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3602297                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.035284                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 35283821000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            400427                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000004                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3602297                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      400127                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            20                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      499142                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        198916                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2500637                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            45                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         35283810                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   35283810                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2002084                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1598666                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       399838                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    550                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           550                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  798                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 306                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         408                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3701280                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3701280                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             6804501                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2801923                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      400124                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        899264                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     499140                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   191      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2801942     75.69%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       28      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        35      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      10      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                       84      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       68      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     130      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   400076     10.81%     86.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  498956     13.48%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  48      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                184      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3701752                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    12                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35283821000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35283821000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2500177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2500177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2500177                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2500177                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           460                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               460                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32805000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     32805000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32805000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     32805000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2500637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2500637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2500637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2500637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71315.217391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71315.217391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71315.217391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71315.217391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31885000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     31885000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31885000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     31885000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69315.217391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69315.217391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69315.217391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69315.217391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        243                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2500177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2500177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32805000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     32805000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2500637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2500637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71315.217391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71315.217391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31885000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31885000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69315.217391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69315.217391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35283821000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               216.816619                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                    6638                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 27.316872                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   216.816619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.846940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.846940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2501097                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2501097                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35283821000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              398478                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             398478                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       397811                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1194767                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1194767                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1194767                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     50962496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     50962496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                50962496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          2387533000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         2111867750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              6.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35283821000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           29184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        25473408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            25502592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        29184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          29184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     25459904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         25459904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              456                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           398022                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               398478                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        397811                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              397811                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             827121                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          721957183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              722784304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        827121                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            827121                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       721574458                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             721574458                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       721574458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            827121                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         721957183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1444358761                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    397811.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       456.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    398022.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000125002500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         24861                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         24861                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1178966                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              372925                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       398478                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      397811                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     398478                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    397811                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              24972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              24885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              24936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              24944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              24929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              24910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              24884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              24865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              24875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              24899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             24884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             24890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             24894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             24927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             24871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             24913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              24859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              24856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              24856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              24867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              24857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              24868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              24860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              24864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              24864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              24864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             24864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             24863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             24856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             24856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             24863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             24868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.62                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    3557415750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1992390000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              11028878250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8927.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27677.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    344052                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   364649                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 398478                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                397811                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   398478                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   24861                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   24862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   24865                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   24862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   24862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   24862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   24862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   24862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   24862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   24861                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   24862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   24861                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   24861                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   24861                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   24861                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   24861                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        87552                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     582.001462                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    499.134372                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    262.128481                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          4538      5.18%      5.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4589      5.24%     10.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           60      0.07%     10.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          952      1.09%     11.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639        56292     64.30%     75.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           22      0.03%     75.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           36      0.04%     75.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         8047      9.19%     85.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13016     14.87%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         87552                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        24861                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.027875                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.002848                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       4.325483                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           24860    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          24861                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        24861                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000362                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000332                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.032954                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             24858     99.99%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 3      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          24861                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                25502592                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 25458240                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 25502592                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              25459904                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        722.78                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        721.53                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     722.78                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     721.57                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         11.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    35283779000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       44310.27                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        29184                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     25473408                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     25458240                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 827121.302990398952                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 721957182.585185408592                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 721527297.171131253242                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          456                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       398022                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       397811                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     11598250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  11017280000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 871582927500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25434.76                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27680.08                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2190947.28                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     89.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             312339300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             165989505                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1421952420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1038247560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2784933840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       15229978200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         723742560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         21677183385                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         614.366097                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1758720250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1178060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  32347040750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             312853380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             166270335                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1423180500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1038190140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2784933840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       15231500670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         722460480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         21679389345                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         614.428617                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1755442750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1178060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  32350318250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35283821000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35283821000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35283821000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           401756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               401756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          401760                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              401760                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         398054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             398054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        398054                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            398054                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29446086000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  29446086000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29446086000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  29446086000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       799810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           799810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       799814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          799814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.497686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.497683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73975.103880                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73975.103880                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73975.103880                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73975.103880                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          397874                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                397874                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       398054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        398054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       398054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       398054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28649980000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28649980000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28649980000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28649980000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71975.108905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71975.108905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71975.108905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71975.108905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     397912                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          400004                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              400004                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7701000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7701000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       400123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          400123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64714.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64714.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7463000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7463000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62714.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62714.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           1752                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               1752                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       397935                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           397935                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29438385000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  29438385000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       399687                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         399687                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995617                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.995617                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73977.873271                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73977.873271                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       397935                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       397935                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28642517000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28642517000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995617                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995617                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71977.878297                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71977.878297                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             4                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 4                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            4                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             4                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35283821000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               140.901941                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  399253                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                397912                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.003370                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   140.901941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.550398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.550398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.550781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1197867                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1197867                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35283821000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35283821000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35283821000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst               4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              31                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  35                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst              4                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             31                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 35                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        398023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            398479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       398023                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           398479                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29991000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  27057487000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  27087478000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29991000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  27057487000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  27087478000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       398054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          398514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       398054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         398514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65769.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67979.707203                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67977.178220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65769.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67979.707203                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67977.178220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         397811                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               397811                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       398023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       398479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       398023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       398479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29079000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26261443000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  26290522000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29079000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26261443000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  26290522000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63769.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65979.712228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65977.183239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63769.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65979.712228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65977.183239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    398150                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst              4                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             31                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 35                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       398023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           398479                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29991000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  27057487000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  27087478000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       398054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         398514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65769.736842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67979.707203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67977.178220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       398023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       398479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29079000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26261443000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26290522000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63769.736842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65979.712228                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65977.183239                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       397874                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       397874                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       397874                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       397874                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35283821000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              393.664371                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 795937                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               398150                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.999088                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    27.980714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.780586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   111.903070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.054650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.495665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.218561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.768876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          394                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          362                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.769531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1194932                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1194932                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35283821000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               398514                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              398513                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        397874                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1193981                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side          920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1194901                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     50939328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        29440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 50968768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             2300000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           2387884000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1990265000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35283821000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35283821000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35283821000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  35283821000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                47457716000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  83849                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1291172                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   147958                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    35.79                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1325966070                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3001033                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5295556                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.047458                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 47457716000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            574793                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3001033                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5295556                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      580982                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            36                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      688321                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        260134                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3788335                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            61                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         47457705                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   47457705                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2910848                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2387893                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       562999                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    661                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           661                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  959                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 363                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1078                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5423833                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5423833                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10112984                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4175104                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      580964                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1269263                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     688299                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  1426      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4141450     76.33%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    13100      0.24%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      100      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       84      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     145      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   580906     10.71%     87.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  688069     12.68%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  58      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                230      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5425621                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    18                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  47457716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  47457716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3787263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3787263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3787263                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3787263                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1072                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1072                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     78390000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     78390000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     78390000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     78390000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3788335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3788335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3788335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3788335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        73125                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        73125                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        73125                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        73125                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     76246000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76246000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     76246000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76246000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        71125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        71125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        71125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        71125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        818                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3787263                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3787263                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1072                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1072                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     78390000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78390000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3788335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3788335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        73125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        73125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     76246000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76246000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        71125                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        71125                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  47457716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               217.840249                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3275495                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   818                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs               4004.272616                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   217.840249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.850938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.850938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          254                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.992188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3789407                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3789407                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  47457716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              522200                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             522200                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       520534                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1564934                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1564934                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1564934                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     66734976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     66734976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                66734976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3124870000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         2768543750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              5.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  47457716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           68096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        33352704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            33420800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        68096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          68096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     33314176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         33314176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1064                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           521136                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               522200                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        520534                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              520534                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1434877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          702787804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              704222681                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1434877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1434877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       701975965                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             701975965                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       701975965                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1434877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         702787804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1406198646                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    520512.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1064.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    521120.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000273330500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         32529                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         32529                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1544565                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              487957                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       522200                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      520534                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     522200                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    520534                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     22                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              32676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              32567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              32593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              32608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              32606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              32611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              32667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              32624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              32745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              32612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             32606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             32706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             32815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             32652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             32519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             32577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              32528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              32512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              32518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              32552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              32516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              32541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              32511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              32553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              32603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              32515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             32512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             32525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             32515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             32512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             32512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             32560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.61                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    4663420250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2610920000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              14454370250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8930.61                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27680.61                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    450622                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   477210                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 522200                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                520534                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   522184                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   32529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   32530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   32533                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   32530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   32530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   32530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   32530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   32530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   32530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   32530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   32530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   32529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   32529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   32529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   32529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   32529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       114837                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     581.091599                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    496.715410                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    263.471937                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          6210      5.41%      5.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6080      5.29%     10.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           98      0.09%     10.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1148      1.00%     11.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639        73522     64.02%     75.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           34      0.03%     75.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           38      0.03%     75.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        10666      9.29%     85.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        17041     14.84%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        114837                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32529                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.045313                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.012241                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       4.035684                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           32513     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             10      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          32529                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32529                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000646                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000601                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.039591                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             32520     99.97%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 6      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 3      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          32529                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                33419776                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 33311040                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 33420800                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              33314176                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        704.20                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        701.91                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     704.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     701.98                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    47451934000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       45507.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        68096                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     33351680                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     33311040                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1434877.312679775991                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 702766226.676395535469                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 701909885.423057436943                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       521136                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       520534                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     28932750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  14425437500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1146010489750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27192.43                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27680.75                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2201605.45                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     88.98                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             409950240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             217893720                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1865196480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1358525880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      3746230800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       20230323150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1187701440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         29015821710                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         611.403670                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2924087750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1584700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  42948928250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             409985940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             217912695                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1863197280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1358405820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      3746230800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       20012716530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1370949120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         28979398185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         610.636175                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3401781250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1584700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  42471234750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  47457716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  47457716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  47457716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           617220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               617220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          617228                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              617228                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         521814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             521814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        522010                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            522010                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38553891000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  38553891000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38567871000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  38567871000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1139034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1139034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1139238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1139238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.458120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.458120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.458210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.458210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73884.355345                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73884.355345                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73883.394954                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73883.394954                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          521090                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                521090                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        521814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       522010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37510265000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37510265000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37523853000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37523853000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.458120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.458210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71884.359178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71884.359178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71883.398785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71883.398785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     521753                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          579749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              579749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          1026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              1026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     36289000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     36289000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       580775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          580775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.001767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35369.395712                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35369.395712                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     34239000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34239000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33371.345029                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33371.345029                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data          37471                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total              37471                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       520788                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           520788                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38517602000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  38517602000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       558259                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         558259                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.932879                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.932879                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73960.233339                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73960.233339                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       520788                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       520788                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37476026000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37476026000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.932879                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.932879                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71960.233339                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71960.233339                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13980000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     13980000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71326.530612                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71326.530612                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13588000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13588000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69326.530612                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69326.530612                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  47457716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               144.131681                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1083279                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                521753                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  2.076230                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   144.131681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.563014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.563014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1661247                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1661247                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  47457716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  47457716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  47457716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst               8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst              8                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            873                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                881                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        521137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            522201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       521137                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           522201                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     71852000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35427905000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  35499757000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     71852000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35427905000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  35499757000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       522010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          523082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       522010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         523082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.998316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.998316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67530.075188                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67981.941409                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67981.020718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67530.075188                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67981.941409                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67981.020718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         520534                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               520534                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       522201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       522201                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     69724000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34385633000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34455357000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     69724000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34385633000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34455357000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998328                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998316                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998328                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998316                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65530.075188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65981.945247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65981.024548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65530.075188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65981.945247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65981.024548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    522001                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst              8                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                881                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       521137                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           522201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     71852000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35427905000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35499757000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       522010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         523082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.998316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67530.075188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67981.941409                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67981.020718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       522201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     69724000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34385633000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34455357000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998328                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65530.075188                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65981.945247                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65981.024548                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       521090                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       521090                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       521090                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       521090                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  47457716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              396.656584                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1042404                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               522001                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.996939                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    28.360746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.689068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   115.606769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.055392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.493533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.225794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.774720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          499                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          392                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.974609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1566672                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1566672                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  47457716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               523082                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              523081                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        521090                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1565109                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         2144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1567253                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     66758336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        68608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 66826944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             5360000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3128532000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2610045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  47457716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  47457716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  47457716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  47457716000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                50726728000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  99912                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1291304                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   170070                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    40.06                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1266295310                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4002335                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6812823                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.050727                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 50726728000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            712004                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4002335                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6812823                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      728052                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            38                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      762828                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        260144                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5134735                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            61                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         50726719                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   50726719                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3675812                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3202346                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       672901                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    661                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           661                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  959                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 363                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3564                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               6938398                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      6938398                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            13213945                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5512962                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      727929                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1490639                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     762710                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  4122      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5401783     77.80%     77.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    45965      0.66%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      100      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       84      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     145      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   727871     10.48%     89.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  762480     10.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  58      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                230      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6942891                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    18                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50726728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50726728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5133154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5133154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5133154                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5133154                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1581                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1581                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    118000000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    118000000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    118000000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    118000000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5134735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5134735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5134735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5134735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 74636.306135                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74636.306135                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 74636.306135                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74636.306135                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    114838000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    114838000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    114838000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    114838000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72636.306135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72636.306135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72636.306135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72636.306135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1326                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5133154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5133154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    118000000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    118000000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5134735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5134735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 74636.306135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74636.306135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    114838000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    114838000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72636.306135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72636.306135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50726728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               220.209201                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3576765                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1326                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs               2697.409502                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   220.209201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.860192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.860192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          244                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5136316                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5136316                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50726728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              523810                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             523810                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       521126                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1568746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1568746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1568746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     66875904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     66875904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                66875904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3129440000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         2777166500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              5.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50726728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          100352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        33423488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            33523840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       100352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         100352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     33352064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         33352064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1568                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           522242                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               523810                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        521126                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              521126                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1978286                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          658893040                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              660871326                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1978286                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1978286                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       657485024                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             657485024                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       657485024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1978286                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         658893040                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1318356351                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    521048.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1568.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    522154.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003607521250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         32560                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         32560                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1549057                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              488458                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       523810                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      521126                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     523810                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    521126                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      88                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     78                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              32690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              32567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              32599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              32655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              32655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              32933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              32752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              32720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              33030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              32640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             32648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             32745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             33036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             32849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             32624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             32579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              32528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              32512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              32521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              32573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              32516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              32615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              32540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              32566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              32623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              32625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             32592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             32585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             32543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             32601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             32517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             32560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    4680326500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2618610000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              14500114000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8936.66                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27686.66                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    451424                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   477674                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 523810                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                521126                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   523721                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   32560                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   32561                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   32564                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   32561                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   32561                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   32561                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   32561                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   32561                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   32561                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   32561                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   32562                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   32561                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   32561                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   32561                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   32560                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   32560                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       115641                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     578.197145                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    491.360177                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    265.511155                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          6715      5.81%      5.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6258      5.41%     11.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          134      0.12%     11.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1164      1.01%     12.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639        73533     63.59%     75.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           47      0.04%     75.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           43      0.04%     76.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        10673      9.23%     85.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        17074     14.76%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        115641                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32560                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.083477                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.027467                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       4.547138                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           32527     99.90%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             17      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              9      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             2      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          32560                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32560                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.001751                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.001643                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.061439                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             32533     99.92%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                24      0.07%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 3      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          32560                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                33518208                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     5632                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 33345088                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 33523840                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              33352064                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        660.76                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        657.35                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     660.87                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     657.49                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    50717627000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       48536.59                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       100352                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     33417856                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     33345088                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1978286.476509977132                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 658782013.300759315491                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 657347503.272830843925                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       522242                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       521126                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     45067000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  14455047000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1244409801250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28741.71                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27678.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2387925.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     88.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             414912540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             220531245                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1871758140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1360572120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4003764960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       20927555130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1855859520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         30654953655                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         604.315612                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4653923750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1693640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  44379164250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             410764200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             218326350                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1867616940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1359136620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4003764960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       20152330050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2508680640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         30520619760                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         601.667424                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6358234000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1693640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  42674854000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50726728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50726728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50726728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           836497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               836497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          836505                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              836505                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         524111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             524111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        524307                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            524307                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38651911000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  38651911000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38665891000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  38665891000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1360608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1360608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1360812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1360812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.385204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.385204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.385290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.385290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73747.566832                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73747.566832                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73746.661784                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73746.661784                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          522439                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                522439                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       524111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        524111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       524307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       524307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37603691000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37603691000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37617279000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37617279000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.385204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.385204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.385290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.385290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71747.570648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71747.570648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71746.665599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71746.665599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     524050                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          725099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              725099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          2746                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              2746                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     99707000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99707000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       727845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          727845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36309.905317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36309.905317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     94215000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94215000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34309.905317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34309.905317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         111398                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             111398                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       521365                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           521365                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38552204000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  38552204000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       632763                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         632763                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.823950                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.823950                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73944.748880                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73944.748880                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521365                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       521365                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37509476000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37509476000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.823950                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.823950                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71944.752716                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71944.752716                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13980000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     13980000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71326.530612                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71326.530612                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13588000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13588000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69326.530612                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69326.530612                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50726728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               151.340876                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1321554                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                524050                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  2.521809                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   151.340876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.591175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.591175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1885118                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1885118                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50726728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50726728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50726728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            2064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                2077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             13                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           2064                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               2077                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        522243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            523811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       522243                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           523811                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    108352000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35501404000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  35609756000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    108352000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35501404000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  35609756000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       524307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          525888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       524307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         525888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.996050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.996050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69102.040816                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67978.707230                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67982.069869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69102.040816                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67978.707230                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67982.069869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         521126                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               521126                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       523811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       523811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    105216000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34456920000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34562136000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    105216000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34456920000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34562136000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996050                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67102.040816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65978.711060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65982.073687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67102.040816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65978.711060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65982.073687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    524057                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             13                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           2064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               2077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       522243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           523811                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    108352000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35501404000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35609756000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       524307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         525888                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.996050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69102.040816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67978.707230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67982.069869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       523811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    105216000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34456920000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34562136000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996050                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67102.040816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65978.711060                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65982.073687                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       522439                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       522439                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       522439                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       522439                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50726728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              403.581427                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1046661                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               524057                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.997227                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    32.730071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   243.453119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   127.398237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.063926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.475494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.248825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.788245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          388                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1572896                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1572896                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50726728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               525888                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              525887                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        522439                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1571052                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1574214                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     66991680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       101184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 67092864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             7905000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3138083000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2621530000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50726728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50726728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50726728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  50726728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                53983146000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 114953                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1291304                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   191056                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    43.52                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1240475813                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5002522                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       8314395                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.053983                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 53983146000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            846715                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5002522                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       8314395                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      879257                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            38                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      829701                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        260150                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6478748                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            61                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         53983135                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   53983135                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4420598                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3998418                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       777386                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    661                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           661                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  959                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 363                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        4848                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               8437570                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      8437570                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            16298378                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6847892                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      879089                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1708618                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     829529                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  6514      0.08%      0.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6647748     78.72%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    81203      0.96%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      100      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       84      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     145      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   879031     10.41%     90.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  829299      9.82%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  58      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                230      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    8444465                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    18                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53983146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53983146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6476834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6476834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6476834                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6476834                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1914                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1914                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144538000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    144538000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144538000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    144538000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6478748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6478748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6478748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6478748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 75516.196447                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75516.196447                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 75516.196447                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75516.196447                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    140710000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    140710000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    140710000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    140710000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000295                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 73516.196447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73516.196447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 73516.196447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73516.196447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1659                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6476834                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6476834                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1914                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1914                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144538000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    144538000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6478748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6478748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 75516.196447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75516.196447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    140710000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    140710000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 73516.196447                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73516.196447                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53983146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               222.307882                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3873570                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs               2334.882459                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   222.307882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.868390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.868390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          246                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6480662                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6480662                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53983146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              525382                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             525382                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       522021                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1572785                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1572785                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1572785                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     67033792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     67033792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                67033792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3135487000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         2785564000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              5.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53983146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          121664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        33502784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            33624448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       121664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         121664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     33409344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         33409344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1901                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           523481                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               525382                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        522021                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              522021                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            2253740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          620615627                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              622869367                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       2253740                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           2253740                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       618884716                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             618884716                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       618884716                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           2253740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         620615627                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1241754084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    521558.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1901.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    523338.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003607521250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         32590                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         32590                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1553811                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              488948                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       525382                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      522021                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     525382                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    522021                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     143                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    463                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              32702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              32567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              32604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              32710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              32693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              33234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              32779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              33090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              33245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              32666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             32699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             32790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             33178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             32922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             32675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             32685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              32528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              32512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              32521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              32626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              32516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              32679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              32579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              32697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              32638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              32658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             32602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             32641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             32582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             32637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             32555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             32566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.55                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    4698878000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2626195000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              14547109250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8946.17                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27696.17                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    452307                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   478116                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 525382                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                522021                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   525237                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   32590                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   32591                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   32594                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   32591                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   32590                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   32590                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   32590                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   32590                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   32590                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   32590                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   32591                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   32590                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   32590                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   32590                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   32590                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   32590                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       116353                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     575.779430                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    487.084317                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    267.096921                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          7107      6.11%      6.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6428      5.52%     11.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          198      0.17%     11.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1187      1.02%     12.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639        73548     63.21%     76.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           53      0.05%     76.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           50      0.04%     76.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        10676      9.18%     85.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        17106     14.70%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        116353                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32590                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.114483                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.042628                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       4.717389                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           32535     99.83%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             34      0.10%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             12      0.04%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             3      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          32590                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32590                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.002976                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.002798                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.078868                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             32543     99.86%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                44      0.14%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 3      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          32590                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                33615296                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     9152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 33378368                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 33624448                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              33409344                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        622.70                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        618.31                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     622.87                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     618.88                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          9.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    53941513000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       51500.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       121664                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     33493632                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     33378368                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2253740.454474438913                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 620446092.563778996468                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 618310907.630318522453                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       523481                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       522021                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     56153750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  14490955500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1315904524750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29539.06                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27681.91                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2520788.48                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     88.88                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             418404000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             222387000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1876820400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1361788380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4261299120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       21454661490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2662444800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         32257805190                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         597.553266                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6745644000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1802580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  45434922000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             412356420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             219172635                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1873386060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1360634760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4261299120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       20555491050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3419640960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         32101981005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         594.666732                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8722520500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1802580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  43458045500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53983146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53983146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53983146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1052153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1052153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1052161                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1052161                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         526531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             526531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        526727                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            526727                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38762418000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  38762418000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38776398000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  38776398000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1578684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1578684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1578888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1578888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.333525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.333525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.333606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.333606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73618.491599                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73618.491599                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73617.638739                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73617.638739                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          523714                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                523714                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       526531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        526531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       526727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       526727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37709358000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37709358000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37722946000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37722946000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.333525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.333606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71618.495397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71618.495397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71617.642536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71617.642536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     526470                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          874450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              874450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4600                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4600                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    180512000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    180512000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       879050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          879050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.005233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39241.739130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39241.739130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    171312000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    171312000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.005233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37241.739130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37241.739130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         177703                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             177703                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       521931                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           521931                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38581906000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  38581906000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       699634                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         699634                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.746006                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.746006                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73921.468547                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73921.468547                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521931                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       521931                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37538046000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37538046000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.746006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.746006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71921.472379                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71921.472379                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13980000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     13980000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71326.530612                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71326.530612                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13588000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13588000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69326.530612                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69326.530612                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53983146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               157.654214                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1471604                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                526470                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  2.795229                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   157.654214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.615837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.615837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          226                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2105614                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2105614                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53983146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53983146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53983146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                3258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             13                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3245                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               3258                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        523482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            525383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       523482                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           525383                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    132890000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35586733000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  35719623000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    132890000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35586733000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  35719623000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       526727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          528641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       526727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         528641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.993837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.993837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69905.312993                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67980.815004                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67987.778440                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69905.312993                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67980.815004                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67987.778440                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         522021                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               522021                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       523482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       525383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       523482                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       525383                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    129088000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34539771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34668859000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    129088000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34539771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34668859000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993837                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993837                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67905.312993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65980.818825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65987.782246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67905.312993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65980.818825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65987.782246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    526333                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             13                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               3258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       523482                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           525383                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    132890000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35586733000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35719623000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       526727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         528641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.993837                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69905.312993                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67980.815004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67987.778440                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       523482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       525383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    129088000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34539771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34668859000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993837                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67905.312993                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65980.818825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65987.782246                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       523714                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       523714                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       523714                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       523714                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53983146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              410.121546                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1050325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               526333                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.995552                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    37.245732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   231.114970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   141.760845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.072746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.451396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.276877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.801019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          479                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1579200                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1579200                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53983146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               528641                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              528640                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        523714                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1577167                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1580995                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     67228160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       122496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 67350656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             9570000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3147211000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2633630000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53983146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53983146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53983146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  53983146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                57359311000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 126349                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1291304                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   207034                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    47.49                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1207768781                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000557                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9832448                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.057359                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 57359311000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            979504                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000557                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9832448                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1045315                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            40                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      899783                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        260160                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7826045                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            61                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         57359310                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   57359310                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5172908                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4802443                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       880959                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    661                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           661                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  959                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 363                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        6006                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9950015                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9950015                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            19436418                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8196943                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1045094                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1944617                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     899523                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 12060      0.12%      0.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7889995     79.20%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   115467      1.16%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      100      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       84      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     145      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1045036     10.49%     90.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  899293      9.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  58      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                230      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9962521                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    18                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  57359311000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  57359311000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7823430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7823430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7823430                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7823430                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           2615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               2615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          2615                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              2615                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    197054000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    197054000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    197054000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    197054000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7826045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7826045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7826045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7826045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 75355.258126                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75355.258126                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 75355.258126                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75355.258126                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          2615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    191824000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    191824000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    191824000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    191824000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 73355.258126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73355.258126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 73355.258126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73355.258126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       2360                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7823430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7823430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          2615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              2615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    197054000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    197054000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7826045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7826045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 75355.258126                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75355.258126                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    191824000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    191824000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000334                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000334                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 73355.258126                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73355.258126                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  57359311000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               224.232137                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4607070                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  2360                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs               1952.148305                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   224.232137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.875907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.875907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7828660                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7828660                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  57359311000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              528059                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             528059                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       523105                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1579223                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1579223                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1579223                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     67274496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     67274496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                67274496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3143584000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         2799819000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  57359311000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          164800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        33630976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            33795776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       164800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         164800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     33478720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         33478720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           525484                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               528059                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        523105                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              523105                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            2873117                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          586321129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              589194246                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       2873117                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           2873117                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       583666704                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             583666704                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       583666704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           2873117                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         586321129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1172860950                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    522631.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2575.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    525261.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003607521250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         32654                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         32654                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1560901                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              489957                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       528059                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      523105                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     528059                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    523105                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     223                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    474                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              32872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              32609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              32613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              32808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              32828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              33868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              32792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              33266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              33776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              32848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             32776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             32886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             33451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             33031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             32675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             32737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              32570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              32513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              32521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              32680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              32516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              32807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              32599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              32806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              32893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              32780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             32614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             32717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             32593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             32763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             32604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             32631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.53                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    4723619250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2639180000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              14620544250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8949.03                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27699.03                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    454118                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   479036                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 528059                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                523105                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   527834                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   32651                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   32656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   32658                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   32656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   32655                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   32655                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   32655                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   32656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   32654                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   32654                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   32656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   32654                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   32654                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   32654                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   32654                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   32654                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       117289                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     573.185482                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    482.525808                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    268.845783                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          7528      6.42%      6.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6657      5.68%     12.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          281      0.24%     12.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1231      1.05%     13.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639        73584     62.74%     76.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           76      0.06%     76.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           66      0.06%     76.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        10689      9.11%     85.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        17177     14.65%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        117289                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32654                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.163196                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.066204                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       5.023564                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           32570     99.74%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             54      0.17%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             17      0.05%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             4      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            6      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          32654                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32654                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.004379                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.004119                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.095270                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             32583     99.78%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 4      0.01%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                62      0.19%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 5      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          32654                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                33781504                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    14272                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 33446848                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 33795776                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              33478720                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        588.95                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        583.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     589.19                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     583.67                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          9.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    57355487000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       54563.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       164800                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     33616704                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     33446848                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2873116.798770473339                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 586072311.782127141953                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 583111048.875743985176                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       525484                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       523105                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     76989750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  14543554500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1408642828500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29898.93                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27676.49                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2692849.10                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     88.83                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             422830800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             224739900                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1886245200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1365525900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4527438240.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       21988410630                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3509419200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         33924609870                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         591.440331                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8941565000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1915160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  46502586000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             414612660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             220371855                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1882503840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1362482640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4527438240.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       20938742520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4393350240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         33739501995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         588.213167                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11249825750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1915160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  44194325250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  57359311000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  57359311000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  57359311000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1285062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1285062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1285070                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1285070                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         529757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             529757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        529953                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            529953                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38925366000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  38925366000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38939346000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  38939346000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1814819                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1814819                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1815023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1815023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.291906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.291981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73477.775659                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73477.775659                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73476.980034                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73476.980034                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          525279                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                525279                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       529757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        529757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       529953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       529953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37865852000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37865852000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37879440000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37879440000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71477.775659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71477.775659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71476.980034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71476.980034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     529697                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1038281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1038281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          6827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              6827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    281481000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    281481000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1045108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1045108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006532                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.006532                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41230.555149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41230.555149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    267827000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    267827000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39230.555149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39230.555149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         246781                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             246781                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       522930                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           522930                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38643885000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  38643885000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       769711                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         769711                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.679385                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.679385                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73898.772302                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73898.772302                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522930                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       522930                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37598025000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37598025000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.679385                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.679385                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71898.772302                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71898.772302                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13980000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     13980000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71326.530612                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71326.530612                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13588000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13588000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69326.530612                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69326.530612                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  57359311000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               163.442840                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1797924                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                529697                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  3.394250                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   163.442840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.638449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.638449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          239                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2344976                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2344976                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  57359311000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  57359311000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  57359311000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              40                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            4469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                4509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             40                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           4469                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               4509                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          2575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        525484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            528059                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           528059                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    180939000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35719292000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  35900231000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    180939000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35719292000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  35900231000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         2615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       529953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          532568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         2615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       529953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         532568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984704                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.991533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984704                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.991533                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70267.572816                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67974.081038                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67985.264904                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70267.572816                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67974.081038                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67985.264904                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         523106                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               523106                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       528059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       528059                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    175789000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34668324000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34844113000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    175789000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34668324000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34844113000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68267.572816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65974.081038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65985.264904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68267.572816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65974.081038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65985.264904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    529860                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             40                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           4469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               4509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           528059                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    180939000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35719292000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35900231000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         2615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       529953                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         532568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.991533                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70267.572816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67974.081038                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67985.264904                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       528059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    175789000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34668324000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34844113000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984704                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68267.572816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65974.081038                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65985.264904                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       525279                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       525279                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       525279                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       525279                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  57359311000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              416.118105                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1056663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               529860                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.994231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    43.409643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   219.957338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   152.751123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.084784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.429604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.298342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.812731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          319                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1588219                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1588219                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  57359311000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               532568                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              532568                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        525279                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1585185                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         5230                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1590415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     67534848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       167360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 67702208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            13075000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3158963000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2649765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  57359311000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  57359311000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  57359311000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  57359311000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                60693806000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 136727                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1291304                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   221636                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    51.20                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1185484044                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11347155                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.060694                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 60693806000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1110509                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11347155                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1207392                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            40                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      980019                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        260168                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9172099                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            61                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         60693806                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   60693806                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5934978                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             5610817                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       986239                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    661                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           661                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  959                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 363                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        8317                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11461735                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11461735                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22575477                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9532463                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1207070                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2186702                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     979632                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 14978      0.13%      0.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9126838     79.52%     79.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   148331      1.29%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      100      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       84      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     145      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1207012     10.52%     91.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  979402      8.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  58      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                230      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11477231                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    18                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60693806000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60693806000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9168685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9168685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9168685                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9168685                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           3414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               3414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          3414                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              3414                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    258827000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    258827000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    258827000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    258827000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9172099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9172099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9172099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9172099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 75813.415349                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75813.415349                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 75813.415349                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75813.415349                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          3414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    251999000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    251999000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    251999000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    251999000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 73813.415349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73813.415349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 73813.415349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73813.415349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       3159                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9168685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9168685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          3414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              3414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    258827000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    258827000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9172099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9172099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 75813.415349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75813.415349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    251999000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    251999000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 73813.415349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73813.415349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60693806000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               225.922512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9172099                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  3414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs               2686.613650                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   225.922512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.882510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.882510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          208                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9175513                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9175513                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60693806000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              529998                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             529998                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       523926                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1583922                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1583922                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1583922                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     67451136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     67451136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                67451136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3149628000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         2810207250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60693806000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          215616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        33704256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            33919872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       215616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         215616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     33531264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         33531264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3369                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           526629                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               529998                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        523926                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              523926                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            3552521                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          555316238                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              558868758                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       3552521                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           3552521                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       552465996                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             552465996                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       552465996                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           3552521                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         555316238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1111334755                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    523345.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3369.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    526348.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003607521250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         32696                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         32696                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1566313                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              490628                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       529998                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      523926                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     529998                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    523926                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     281                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    581                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              32914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              32800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              32746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              32841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              32872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              34184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              32856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              33288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              34187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              32878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             32840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             33000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             33821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             33074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             32675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             32741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              32624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              32627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              32523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              32713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              32516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              32871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              32602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              32818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              32927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              32864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             32703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             32746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             32593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             32857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             32642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             32694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    4746307750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2648585000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              14678501500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8960.08                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27710.08                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    455134                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   479654                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  85.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 529998                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                523926                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   529712                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   32691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   32698                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   32700                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   32699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   32697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   32697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   32697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   32700                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   32697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   32696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   32698                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   32696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   32696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   32696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   32696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   32696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       118247                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     569.944607                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    476.947330                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    270.855059                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          8042      6.80%      6.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6941      5.87%     12.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          337      0.28%     12.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1256      1.06%     14.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639        73601     62.24%     76.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           88      0.07%     76.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           77      0.07%     76.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        10694      9.04%     85.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        17211     14.56%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        118247                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32696                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.196782                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.081286                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       5.205758                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           32590     99.68%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             67      0.20%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             23      0.07%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             7      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            6      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          32696                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32696                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.005628                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.005293                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.107945                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             32605     99.72%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 4      0.01%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                81      0.25%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 6      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          32696                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                33901888                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    17984                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 33492480                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 33919872                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              33531264                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        558.57                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        551.83                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     558.87                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     552.47                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    60687526000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       57582.45                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       215616                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     33686272                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     33492480                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 3552520.664134985767                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 555019930.699353337288                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 551826985.442303538322                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       526629                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       523926                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    101847250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  14576654250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1480743903000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30230.71                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27679.17                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2826246.27                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     88.77                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             426929160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             226910640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1893642240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1367775720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4790504160.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       22631429340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4248375840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         35585567100                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         586.312994                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10856284750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2026440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  47811081250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             417368700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             221836725                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1888537140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1363954680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4790504160.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       21538026270                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5169136320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         35389363995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         583.080323                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13260401750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2026440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  45406964250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60693806000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60693806000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60693806000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1525263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1525263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1525271                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1525271                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         531865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             531865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        532061                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            532061                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39025415000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  39025415000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39039395000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  39039395000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2057128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2057128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2057332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2057332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.258547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.258547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.258617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.258617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73374.662743                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73374.662743                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73373.908255                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73373.908255                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          526327                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                526327                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       531865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        531865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       532061                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       532061                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37961685000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37961685000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37975273000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37975273000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.258547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.258547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.258617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.258617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71374.662743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71374.662743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71373.908255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71373.908255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     531805                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1198868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1198868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          8317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              8317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    343526000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    343526000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1207185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1207185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.006890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41304.075989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41304.075989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    326892000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    326892000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39304.075989                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39304.075989                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         326395                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             326395                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       523548                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           523548                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38681889000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  38681889000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       849943                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         849943                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.615980                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.615980                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73884.130968                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73884.130968                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       523548                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       523548                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37634793000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37634793000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.615980                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.615980                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71884.130968                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71884.130968                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13980000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     13980000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71326.530612                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71326.530612                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13588000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13588000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69326.530612                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69326.530612                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60693806000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               168.527896                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2057332                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                532061                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  3.866722                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   168.527896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.658312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.658312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2589393                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2589393                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60693806000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60693806000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60693806000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              45                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            5432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                5477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             45                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           5432                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               5477                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          3369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        526629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            529998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           529998                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    237863000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35798002000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  36035865000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    237863000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35798002000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  36035865000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         3414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       532061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          535475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         3414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       532061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         535475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.986819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.989791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.989772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.986819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.989791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.989772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70603.443158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67975.751430                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67992.454689                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70603.443158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67975.751430                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67992.454689                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         523926                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               523926                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       529998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       529998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    231125000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34744744000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34975869000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    231125000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34744744000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34975869000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.986819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.989791                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.986819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.989791                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989772                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68603.443158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65975.751430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65992.454689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68603.443158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65975.751430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65992.454689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    532318                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             45                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           5432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               5477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           529998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    237863000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35798002000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  36035865000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         3414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       532061                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         535475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.986819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.989791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.989772                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70603.443158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67975.751430                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67992.454689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       529998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    231125000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34744744000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34975869000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.986819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.989791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68603.443158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65975.751430                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65992.454689                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       526327                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       526327                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       526327                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       526327                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60693806000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              421.385820                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1061802                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               532830                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.992759                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    48.441496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   209.724943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   163.219382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.094612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.409619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.318788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.823019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          367                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1594632                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1594632                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60693806000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               535475                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              535475                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        526327                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1590449                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         6828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1597277                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     67736832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       218496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 67955328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            17070000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3167110000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2660305000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60693806000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60693806000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60693806000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  60693806000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
