
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3579897000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 123313                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34224368                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   217404                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     8.11                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              441434528                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1763067                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003580                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3579897000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            268143                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1763067                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28138                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      133575                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           233                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1323466                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3579886                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3579886                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1413559                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              720026                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       230507                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  49579                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         49579                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                49916                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1725244                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1725244                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             2893034                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1324928                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28131                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        161704                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     133573                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      1.89%      1.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1566516     88.85%     90.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1086      0.06%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.01%     90.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     90.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.01%     90.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.01%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    27993      1.59%     92.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84607      4.80%     97.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.01%     97.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              48966      2.78%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1763168                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          169                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            261                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          8370                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7798                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         8370                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    443422000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    477346000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    443422000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    477346000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         7890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         8631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         7890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         8631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.988340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.969760                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.988340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.969760                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59307.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56863.554758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57030.585424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59307.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56863.554758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57030.585424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         8370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         8370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32780000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    427826000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    460606000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32780000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    427826000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    460606000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.988340                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.969760                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.988340                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.969760                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57307.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54863.554758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55030.585424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57307.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54863.554758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55030.585424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   180                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         8370                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    443422000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    477346000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7890                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         8631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.988340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.969760                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59307.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56863.554758                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57030.585424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32780000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    427826000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    460606000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.988340                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.969760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57307.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54863.554758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55030.585424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7225                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7225                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7225                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7225                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3579897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1983.252978                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                190                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              180                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.055556                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   431.821916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1551.431062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.013178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.047346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.060524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8190                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          843                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         5519                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1734                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.249939                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            24226                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           24226                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3579897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1322713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1322713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1322713                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1322713                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47056000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47056000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47056000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47056000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1323466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1323466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1323466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1323466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45550000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45550000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45550000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45550000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1322713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1322713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47056000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47056000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1323466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1323466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62491.367862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62491.367862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45550000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45550000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60491.367862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60491.367862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3579897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               233.237471                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  117197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                228.454191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   233.237471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.911084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.911084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1324219                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1324219                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3579897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                8370                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8370                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        16740                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        16740                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  16740                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       535680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       535680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  535680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             8370000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           44203500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3579897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           36608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          499072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              535680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        36608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          36608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              572                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7798                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 8370                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           10225993                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          139409598                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              149635590                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      10225993                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          10225993                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          10225993                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         139409598                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             149635590                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       572.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7798.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000578500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                17658                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         8370                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       8370                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      41845000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    41850000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                198782500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       4999.40                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 23749.40                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      7349                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  87.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   8370                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     8370                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1019                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     525.252208                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    367.447645                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    385.783985                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127            89      8.73%      8.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          234     22.96%     31.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          217     21.30%     52.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           28      2.75%     55.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           56      5.50%     61.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           22      2.16%     63.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           26      2.55%     65.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           17      1.67%     67.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          330     32.38%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1019                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  535680                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   535680                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        149.64                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     149.64                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3579783000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      427692.11                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        36608                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       499072                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 10225992.535539431497                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 139409597.538700133562                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          572                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7798                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     14863250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    183919250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25984.70                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     23585.44                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     87.80                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               4541040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2413620                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             32665500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      282119760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1179410940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         381492480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1882643340                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         525.893158                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    980302500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    119340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2480254500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               2748900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1453485                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             27096300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      282119760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         346581660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1082822400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1742822505                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         486.835936                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2810530750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    119340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    650026250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3579897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3579897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3579897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           153687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               153687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          153687                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              153687                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           7827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               7827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          7925                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              7925                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    570948000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    570948000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    578268000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    578268000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       161514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           161514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       161612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          161612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.048460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.049037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.049037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72945.956305                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72945.956305                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72967.570978                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72967.570978                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            7484                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  7484                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          7827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    555296000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    555296000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    562420000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    562420000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.049037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70946.211831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70946.211831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70967.823344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70967.823344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       7668                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11488000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11488000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50607.929515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50607.929515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48607.929515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48607.929515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         125874                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             125874                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         7600                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             7600                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    559460000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    559460000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       133474                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         133474                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.056940                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.056940                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73613.157895                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73613.157895                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         7600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    544262000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    544262000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.056940                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056940                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71613.421053                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71613.421053                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7320000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7320000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7124000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7124000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3579897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               246.986565                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  159563                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  7668                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 20.808946                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   246.986565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.964791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                169536                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               169536                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3579897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3579897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3579897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          7891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              8632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7891                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             8632                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42413000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    530396000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    572809000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42413000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    530396000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    572809000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         7925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total            8678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         7925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total           8678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.994699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.994699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57237.516869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67215.308579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66358.781279                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57237.516869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67215.308579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66358.781279                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7225                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7225                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7891                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8632                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40931000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    514616000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    555547000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40931000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    514616000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    555547000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995710                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995710                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55237.516869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65215.562033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64359.012975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55237.516869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65215.562033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64359.012975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      8947                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7891                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             8632                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42413000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    530396000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    572809000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total           8678                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.994699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57237.516869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67215.308579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66358.781279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40931000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    514616000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    555547000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55237.516869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65215.562033                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64359.012975                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7484                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7484                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7484                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7484                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3579897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              483.882868                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  15393                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 8947                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.720465                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    50.636981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    48.520954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   384.724934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.098900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.094767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.751416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.945084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          418                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                25621                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               25621                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3579897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                 8678                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp                8677                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          7484                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        23333                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   24839                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       986112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1034304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             46098000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            39620000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3579897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3579897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3579897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3579897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                19560728000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  78907                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34225056                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   148417                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    25.35                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              771480239                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3763065                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.019561                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 19560728000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            411000                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3763065                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28138                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1278663                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          4697                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2754268                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         19560717                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   19560717                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2127844                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1291454                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       373364                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                1194667                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       1194667                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              1195004                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3727474                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3727474                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7471154                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2039213                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28131                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1306792                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1278661                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      0.89%      0.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2423658     64.37%     65.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1086      0.03%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    27993      0.74%     66.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84607      2.25%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            1194054     31.71%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3765398                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          169                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            261                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       150655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        151227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       150655                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       151227                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   9134082000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   9168006000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   9134082000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   9168006000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       150747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       151488                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       150747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       151488                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59307.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60629.132787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60624.134579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59307.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60629.132787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60624.134579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       117790                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           117790                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       151227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150655                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       151227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32780000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8832772000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8865552000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32780000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8832772000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8865552000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57307.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58629.132787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58624.134579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57307.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58629.132787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58624.134579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                118459                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       150655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       151227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   9134082000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9168006000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       150747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       151488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.998277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59307.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60629.132787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60624.134579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       151227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32780000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8832772000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8865552000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998277                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57307.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58629.132787                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58624.134579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       150082                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       150082                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       150082                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       150082                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19560728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        25274.050284                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             236546                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           118459                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.996860                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   131.087767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 25142.962516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.004000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.767302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.771303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          797                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7967                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        23917                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           452797                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          452797                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19560728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2753515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2753515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2753515                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2753515                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47056000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47056000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47056000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47056000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2754268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2754268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2754268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2754268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45550000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45550000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45550000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45550000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2753515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2753515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47056000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47056000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2754268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2754268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62491.367862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62491.367862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45550000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45550000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60491.367862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60491.367862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19560728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               238.762359                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  117197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                228.454191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   238.762359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.932665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.932665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2755021                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2755021                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19560728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              151227                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             151227                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       117790                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       420244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       420244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 420244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     17217088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     17217088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                17217088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           740177000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               3.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          795727750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19560728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           36608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         9641920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             9678528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        36608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          36608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      7538560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          7538560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              572                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           150655                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               151227                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        117790                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              117790                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1871505                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          492922349                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              494793854                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1871505                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1871505                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       385392609                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             385392609                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       385392609                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1871505                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         492922349                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             880186463                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    117790.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       572.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    150655.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004758998500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          7360                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          7360                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               417645                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              110799                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       151227                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      117790                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     151227                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    117790                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               9403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               9335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               9280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               9239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               9316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               9435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               9484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               9480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               9591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               9512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              9532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              9498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              9484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              9492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              9527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              9619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               7272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               7172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               7203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               7182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               7236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               7372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               7424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               7424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               7424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               7428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              7424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              7424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              7424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              7433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              7426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              7496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       20.44                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1302416000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   756135000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               4137922250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8612.32                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27362.32                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    138665                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   109340                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 151227                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                117790                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   151227                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    7361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    7361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    7361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    7361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    7361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    7361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    7361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    7361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    7361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    7360                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    7360                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    7360                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    7360                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    7360                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    7360                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    7360                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        20985                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     820.328425                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    723.889202                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    299.376304                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           360      1.72%      1.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          750      3.57%      5.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1801      8.58%     13.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1109      5.28%     19.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          700      3.34%     22.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2250     10.72%     33.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          487      2.32%     35.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          476      2.27%     37.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13052     62.20%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         20985                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7360                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       20.545924                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.080673                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     227.200724                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023          7356     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::5120-6143            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::8192-9215            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           7360                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7360                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000543                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000512                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.032967                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              7358     99.97%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 2      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           7360                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 9678528                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  7536896                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  9678528                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               7538560                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        494.79                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        385.31                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     494.79                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     385.39                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          6.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      3.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    19560664000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       72711.63                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        36608                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      9641920                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      7536896                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1871504.986930956831                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 492922349.311334431171                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 385307540.700939178467                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          572                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       150655                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       117790                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     14863250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   4123059000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 384281962250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25984.70                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27367.56                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3262432.82                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              76262340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              40534395                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            544460700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           310480380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1543975680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4977744450                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3319535040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10812992985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         552.790928                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8511969000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    653120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  10395639000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              73577700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              39103680                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            535300080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           304247700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1543975680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4123377720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4039001760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10658584320                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         544.897118                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10390652000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    653120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8516956000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19560728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19560728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19560728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1153686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1153686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1153686                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1153686                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         150684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             150684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        150782                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            150782                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11690177000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  11690177000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11697497000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  11697497000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1304370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1304370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1304468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1304468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.115522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.115522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.115589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.115589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77580.745136                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77580.745136                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77578.868830                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77578.868830                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          150341                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                150341                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        150684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150782                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       150782                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11388811000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11388811000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11395935000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11395935000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.115522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.115522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.115589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.115589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75580.758408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75580.758408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75578.882095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75578.882095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     150525                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11488000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11488000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50607.929515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50607.929515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48607.929515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48607.929515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1125873                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1125873                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       150457                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           150457                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11678689000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  11678689000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1276330                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1276330                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.117883                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.117883                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77621.440013                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77621.440013                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150457                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       150457                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11377777000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11377777000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.117883                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117883                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75621.453306                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75621.453306                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7320000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7320000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7124000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7124000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19560728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.350411                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1302419                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                150525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.652510                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.350411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1455249                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1455249                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19560728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19560728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19560728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        150748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            151489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       150748                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           151489                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42413000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10792483000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  10834896000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42413000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10792483000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  10834896000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       150782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          151535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       150782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         151535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57237.516869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71592.876854                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71522.658411                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57237.516869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71592.876854                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71522.658411                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         150082                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               150082                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       151489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150748                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       151489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40931000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10490989000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10531920000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40931000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10490989000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10531920000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999775                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999775                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55237.516869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69592.890121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69522.671613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55237.516869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69592.890121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69522.671613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    151804                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       150748                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           151489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42413000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10792483000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10834896000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       150782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         151535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57237.516869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71592.876854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71522.658411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       151489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40931000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10490989000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10531920000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55237.516869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69592.890121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69522.671613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       150341                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       150341                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       150341                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       150341                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19560728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              506.854157                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 301107                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               151804                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.983525                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     9.267302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     8.880038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   488.706816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.018100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.017344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.954506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.989950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               454192                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              454192                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19560728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               151535                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              151534                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        150341                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       451904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  453410                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     19271808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 19320000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            903240000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           753905000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               3.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19560728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19560728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19560728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  19560728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                35699150000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  67993                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34225332                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   130615                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    44.12                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              809086880                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000007                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5763077                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.035699                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 35699150000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            553858                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000007                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5763077                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28138                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     2423759                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          9161                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     4185080                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         35699139                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   35699139                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2842134                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1862886                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       516222                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2339763                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2339763                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              2340100                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5729718                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5729718                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            12049306                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2753503                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28131                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2451888                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    2423757                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      0.58%      0.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3280806     56.88%     57.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1086      0.02%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    27993      0.49%     57.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84607      1.47%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            2339150     40.56%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5767642                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          169                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            261                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       293513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        294085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       293513                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       294085                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  17982282000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  18016206000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  17982282000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  18016206000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       293605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       294346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       293605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       294346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999687                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999687                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59307.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61265.708844                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61261.900471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59307.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61265.708844                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61261.900471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       260648                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           260648                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       294085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       294085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32780000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  17395256000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17428036000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32780000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  17395256000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17428036000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999687                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999687                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57307.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59265.708844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59261.900471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57307.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59265.708844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59261.900471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                261317                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       293513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       294085                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  17982282000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18016206000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       293605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       294346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59307.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61265.708844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61261.900471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       294085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32780000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  17395256000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17428036000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57307.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59265.708844                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59261.900471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       292940                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       292940                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       292940                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       292940                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35699150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        28661.820664                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             522262                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           261317                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998576                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    71.827261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 28589.993403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.002192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.872497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.874689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          798                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7966                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        23915                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           881371                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          881371                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35699150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          4184327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              4184327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4184327                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             4184327                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47056000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47056000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47056000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47056000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      4185080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          4185080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      4185080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         4185080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45550000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45550000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45550000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45550000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4184327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             4184327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47056000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47056000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      4185080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4185080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62491.367862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62491.367862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45550000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45550000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60491.367862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60491.367862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35699150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               239.321856                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  117197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                228.454191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   239.321856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.934851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.934851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4185833                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4185833                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35699150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              294085                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             294085                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       260648                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       848818                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       848818                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 848818                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     35502912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     35502912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                35502912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1597325000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1547073000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35699150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           36608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        18784832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            18821440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        36608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          36608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     16681472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         16681472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              572                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           293513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               294085                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        260648                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              260648                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1025459                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          526198299                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              527223757                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1025459                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1025459                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       467279249                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             467279249                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       467279249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1025459                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         526198299                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             994503006                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    260648.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       572.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    293513.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004758998500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         16289                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         16289                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               841116                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              245211                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       294085                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      260648                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     294085                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    260648                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              18348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              18295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              18240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              18199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              18276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              18395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              18444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              18440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              18551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              18472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             18492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             18458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             18341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             18324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             18359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             18451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              16232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              16132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              16163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              16142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              16196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              16332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              16384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              16384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              16384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              16388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             16384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             16384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             16261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             16265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             16258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             16339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.90                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    2720659250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1470425000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               8234753000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9251.27                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28001.27                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    269724                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   241999                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 294085                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                260648                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   294085                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   16290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   16290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   16290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   16289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   16289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   16289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   16289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   16289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   16289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   16289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   16289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   16289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   16289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   16289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   16289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   16289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        42988                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     825.828976                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    734.357138                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    293.699811                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           660      1.54%      1.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1287      2.99%      4.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3675      8.55%     13.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2364      5.50%     18.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1237      2.88%     21.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4921     11.45%     32.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          966      2.25%     35.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          955      2.22%     37.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        26923     62.63%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         42988                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        16289                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       18.054024                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.036401                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     152.733002                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023         16285     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::5120-6143            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::8192-9215            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          16289                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        16289                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000246                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000231                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.022161                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             16287     99.99%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          16289                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                18821440                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 16680192                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 18821440                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              16681472                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        527.22                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        467.24                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     527.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     467.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    35699086000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       64353.64                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        36608                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     18784832                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     16680192                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1025458.589350166614                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 526198298.839048027992                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 467243393.750271379948                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          572                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       293513                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       260648                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     14863250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   8219889750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 783623668000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25984.70                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28005.20                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3006444.20                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             154559580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              82142775                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1052778720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           682060860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2817509760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        8796462870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6300925920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         19886440485                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         557.056414                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16149344500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1191840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  18357965500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             152389020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              80996685                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1046988180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           678417300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2817509760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        7965197670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        7000938720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         19742437335                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         553.022616                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17976664000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1191840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  16530646000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35699150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35699150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35699150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2153692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2153692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2153692                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2153692                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         293542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             293542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        293640                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            293640                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22966963000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22966963000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22974283000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22974283000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2447234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2447234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2447332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2447332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.119948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.119948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.119984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.119984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78240.807108                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78240.807108                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78239.623348                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78239.623348                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          293199                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                293199                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        293542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       293640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22379881000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  22379881000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22387005000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  22387005000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.119948                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119948                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.119984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76240.813921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76240.813921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76239.630159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76239.630159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     293383                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11488000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11488000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50607.929515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50607.929515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48607.929515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48607.929515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        2125879                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            2125879                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       293315                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           293315                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22955475000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  22955475000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      2419194                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        2419194                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121245                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.121245                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78262.192523                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78262.192523                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293315                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       293315                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22368847000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22368847000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121245                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121245                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76262.199342                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76262.199342                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7320000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7320000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7124000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7124000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35699150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.096136                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2445283                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                293383                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.334781                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.096136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2740971                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2740971                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35699150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35699150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35699150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        293606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            294347                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       293606                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           294347                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42413000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  21212121000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  21254534000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42413000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  21212121000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  21254534000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       293640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          294393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       293640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         294393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57237.516869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72246.892093                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72209.106938                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57237.516869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72246.892093                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72209.106938                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         292940                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               292940                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       294347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293606                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       294347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40931000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20624911000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20665842000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40931000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20624911000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20665842000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55237.516869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70246.898905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70209.113733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55237.516869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70246.898905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70209.113733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    294662                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       293606                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           294347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42413000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  21212121000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21254534000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       293640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         294393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999884                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57237.516869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72246.892093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72209.106938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       294347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40931000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20624911000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20665842000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55237.516869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70246.898905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70209.113733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       293199                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       293199                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       293199                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       293199                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35699150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.180425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 586823                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               294662                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.991512                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     5.077857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     4.865663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   499.236905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.009918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.009503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.975072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          423                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               882766                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              882766                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35699150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               294393                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              294392                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        293199                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       880478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  881984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     37557632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 37605824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1760388000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1468195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35699150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35699150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35699150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  35699150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                51837865000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  71454                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34225332                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   138676                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    55.98                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              926006728                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000006                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7763075                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.051838                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 51837865000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            696715                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000006                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7763075                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28138                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     3568847                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         13625                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5615882                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         51837854                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   51837854                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3556419                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2434314                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       659079                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                3484851                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       3484851                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              3485188                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7731948                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7731948                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            16627426                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3467788                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28131                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       3596976                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    3568845                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4137948     53.26%     53.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1086      0.01%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    27993      0.36%     54.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84607      1.09%     55.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.00%     55.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            3484238     44.84%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7769872                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          169                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            261                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       436370                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        436942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       436370                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       436942                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26830826000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  26864750000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26830826000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  26864750000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       436462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       437203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       436462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       437203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999789                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999789                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59307.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61486.412906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61483.560747                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59307.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61486.412906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61483.560747                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       403505                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           403505                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       436942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       436942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32780000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25958086000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  25990866000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32780000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25958086000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  25990866000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999789                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999403                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999789                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999403                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57307.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59486.412906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59483.560747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57307.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59486.412906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59483.560747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                404174                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       436370                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       436942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26830826000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  26864750000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       436462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       437203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999789                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59307.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61486.412906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61483.560747                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       436942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32780000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25958086000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25990866000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57307.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59486.412906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59483.560747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       435797                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       435797                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       435797                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       435797                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51837865000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        29940.200050                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             807976                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           404174                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999080                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    49.465235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 29890.734815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.912193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.913702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          795                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7968                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        23915                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1309942                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1309942                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51837865000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5615129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5615129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5615129                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5615129                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47056000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47056000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47056000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47056000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5615882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5615882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5615882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5615882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45550000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45550000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45550000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45550000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5615129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5615129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47056000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47056000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5615882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5615882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62491.367862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62491.367862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45550000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45550000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60491.367862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60491.367862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51837865000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               239.532983                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  117197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                228.454191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   239.532983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.935676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.935676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5616635                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5616635                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51837865000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              436942                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             436942                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       403505                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1277389                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1277389                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1277389                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     53788608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     53788608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                53788608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          2454467000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2298412750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51837865000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           36608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        27927680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            27964288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        36608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          36608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     25824320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         25824320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              572                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           436370                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               436942                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        403505                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              403505                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             706202                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          538750583                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              539456785                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        706202                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            706202                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       498174838                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             498174838                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       498174838                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            706202                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         538750583                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1037631623                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    403505.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       572.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    436370.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004758998500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         25217                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         25217                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1264585                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              379611                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       436942                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      403505                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     436942                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    403505                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              27308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              27255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              27200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              27159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              27236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              27355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              27404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              27400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              27417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              27304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             27324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             27290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             27276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             27284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             27319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             27411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              25192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              25092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              25123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              25102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              25156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              25292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              25344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              25344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              25221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              25220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             25216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             25216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             25216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             25225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             25218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             25299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.83                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    4139298750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2184710000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              12331961250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9473.34                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28223.34                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    400783                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   374643                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 436942                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                403505                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   436942                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   25218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   25218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   25218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   25218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   25218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   25218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   25218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   25218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   25218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   25218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   25218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   25218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   25217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   25217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   25217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   25217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        64990                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     827.593168                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    737.764885                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    291.821599                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           959      1.48%      1.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1823      2.81%      4.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5551      8.54%     12.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3621      5.57%     18.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1774      2.73%     21.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         7592     11.68%     32.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1444      2.22%     35.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1433      2.20%     37.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        40793     62.77%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         64990                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        25217                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.326803                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.023504                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     122.755956                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023         25213     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::5120-6143            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::8192-9215            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          25217                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        25217                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000159                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000149                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.017811                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             25215     99.99%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          25217                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                27964288                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 25822464                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 27964288                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              25824320                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        539.46                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        498.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     539.46                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     498.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.89                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    51837801000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       61678.85                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        36608                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     27927680                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     25822464                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 706201.924018282793                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 538750583.188563108444                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 498139034.082518696785                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          572                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       436370                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       403505                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     14863250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  12317098000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1182933691000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25984.70                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28226.27                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2931645.68                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.26                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             232828260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             123747360                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1560982500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1053557820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4091658480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       12614670570                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        9282859680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         28960304670                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         558.670861                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  23788035500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1730820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  26319009500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             231214620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             122889690                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1558783380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1052586900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4091658480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       11806490940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        9963432000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         28827056010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         556.100372                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  25564110250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1730820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  24542934750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51837865000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51837865000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51837865000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          3153691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              3153691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3153691                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             3153691                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         436399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             436399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        436497                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            436497                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34244076000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34244076000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34251396000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34251396000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      3590090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          3590090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      3590188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3590188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.121557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.121581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78469.648189                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78469.648189                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78468.800473                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78468.800473                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          436056                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                436056                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        436399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       436497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33371280000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33371280000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33378404000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33378404000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76469.652772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76469.652772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76468.805055                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76468.805055                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     436240                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11488000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11488000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50607.929515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50607.929515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48607.929515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48607.929515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        3125878                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            3125878                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       436172                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           436172                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34232588000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  34232588000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      3562050                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        3562050                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122450                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.122450                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78484.148455                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78484.148455                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436172                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       436172                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33360246000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33360246000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122450                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122450                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76484.153041                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76484.153041                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7320000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7320000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7124000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7124000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51837865000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.377537                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 3588139                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                436240                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.225149                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.377537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               4026684                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              4026684                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51837865000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51837865000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51837865000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        436463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            437204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       436463                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           437204                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42413000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31632092000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  31674505000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42413000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31632092000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  31674505000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       436497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          437250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       436497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         437250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57237.516869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72473.707966                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72447.884740                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57237.516869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72473.707966                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72447.884740                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         435797                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               435797                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       437204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       437204                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40931000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30759168000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  30800099000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40931000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30759168000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  30800099000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55237.516869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70473.712548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70447.889315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55237.516869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70473.712548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70447.889315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    437519                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       436463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           437204                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42413000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31632092000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  31674505000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       436497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         437250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57237.516869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72473.707966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72447.884740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       437204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40931000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30759168000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30800099000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999895                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55237.516869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70473.712548                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70447.889315                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       436056                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       436056                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       436056                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       436056                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51837865000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.058245                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 872537                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               437519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.994284                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     3.496965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     3.350833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   503.210448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.006830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.006545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.982833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          422                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1311337                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1311337                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51837865000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               437250                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              437249                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        436056                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1309049                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1310555                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     55843328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 55891520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           2617530000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2182480000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51837865000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51837865000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51837865000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  51837865000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                67976460000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  81187                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34225464                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   158526                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    61.59                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1103756389                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9763073                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.067976                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 67976460000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            839572                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9763073                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28138                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     4713935                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         18089                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7046684                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         67976449                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   67976449                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4270704                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3005742                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       801936                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                4629939                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       4629939                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4630276                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9734178                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9734178                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            21205546                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4182073                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28131                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       4742064                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    4713933                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      0.34%      0.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4995090     51.12%     51.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1086      0.01%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    27993      0.29%     51.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84607      0.87%     52.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.00%     52.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            4629326     47.37%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9772102                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          169                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            261                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       579227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        579799                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       579227                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       579799                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35679250000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  35713174000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35679250000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  35713174000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       579319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       580060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       579319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       580060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59307.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61598.043599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61595.784056                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59307.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61598.043599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61595.784056                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       546362                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           546362                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       579799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       579799                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32780000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34520796000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34553576000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32780000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34520796000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34553576000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999841                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999841                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57307.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59598.043599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59595.784056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57307.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59598.043599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59595.784056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                547031                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       579227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       579799                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35679250000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35713174000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       579319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       580060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59307.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61598.043599                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61595.784056                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       579799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32780000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34520796000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34553576000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999841                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999550                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57307.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59598.043599                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59595.784056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       578654                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       578654                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       578654                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       578654                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  67976460000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        30611.560667                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1093690                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           547031                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999320                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    37.721472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 30573.839195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.933040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.934191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          796                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7966                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        23917                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1738513                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1738513                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  67976460000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7045931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7045931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7045931                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7045931                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47056000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47056000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47056000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47056000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7046684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7046684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7046684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7046684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45550000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45550000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45550000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45550000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7045931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7045931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47056000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47056000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7046684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7046684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62491.367862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62491.367862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45550000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45550000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60491.367862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60491.367862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  67976460000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               239.643860                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  117197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                228.454191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   239.643860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.936109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.936109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7047437                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7047437                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  67976460000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              579799                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             579799                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       546362                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1705960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1705960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1705960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     72074304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     72074304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                72074304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3311609000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3049752000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  67976460000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           36608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        37070528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            37107136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        36608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          36608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     34967168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         34967168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              572                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           579227                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               579799                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        546362                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              546362                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             538539                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          545343609                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              545882148                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        538539                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            538539                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       514401132                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             514401132                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       514401132                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            538539                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         545343609                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1060283280                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    546362.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       572.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    579227.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004758998500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         34146                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         34146                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1688055                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              514023                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       579799                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      546362                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     579799                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    546362                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              36268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              36215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              36160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              36119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              36111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              36187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              36236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              36232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              36343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              36264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             36284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             36250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             36236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             36244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             36279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             36371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              34152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              34052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              34083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              34062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              34009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              34124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              34176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              34176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              34176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              34180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             34176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             34176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             34176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             34185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             34178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             34259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.32                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5557818750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2898995000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              16429050000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9585.77                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28335.77                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    531841                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   507303                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 579799                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                546362                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   579799                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   34147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   34147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   34147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   34147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   34147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   34146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   34146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   34146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   34146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   34146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   34146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   34146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   34146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   34146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   34146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   34146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        86994                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     828.477550                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    739.458572                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    290.884362                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1259      1.45%      1.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2361      2.71%      4.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7424      8.53%     12.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4875      5.60%     18.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2312      2.66%     20.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767        10263     11.80%     32.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1923      2.21%     34.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1912      2.20%     37.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        54665     62.84%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         86994                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        34146                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.979851                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.017354                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     105.493025                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023         34142     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::5120-6143            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::8192-9215            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          34146                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        34146                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000117                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000110                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.015306                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             34144     99.99%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          34146                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                37107136                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 34965760                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 37107136                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              34967168                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        545.88                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        514.38                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     545.88                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     514.40                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    67976396000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       60361.17                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        36608                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     37070528                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     34965760                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 538539.370835139067                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 545343608.655113816261                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 514380419.339283049107                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          572                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       579227                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       546362                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     14863250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  16414186750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1582280400250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25984.70                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28338.09                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2896029.37                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             311625300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             165632775                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2072534940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1427701320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      5365807200.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       16455702210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       12245527200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         38044530945                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         559.672142                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  31375963750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2269800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  34330696250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             309519000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             164509455                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2067229920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1424193480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      5365807200.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       15625448760                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       12944688000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         37901395815                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         557.566484                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  33201146000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2269800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  32505514000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  67976460000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  67976460000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  67976460000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          4153690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              4153690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         4153690                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             4153690                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         579256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             579256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        579354                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            579354                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45521069000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  45521069000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45528389000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  45528389000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      4732946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          4732946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      4733044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         4733044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.122388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.122406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78585.407833                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78585.407833                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78584.749566                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78584.749566                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          578913                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                578913                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        579256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       579354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44362559000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  44362559000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44369683000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  44369683000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76585.411286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76585.411286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76584.753018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76584.753018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     579097                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11488000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11488000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50607.929515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50607.929515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48607.929515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48607.929515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        4125877                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            4125877                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       579029                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           579029                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45509581000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  45509581000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      4704906                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        4704906                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123069                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.123069                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78596.376002                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78596.376002                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579029                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       579029                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44351525000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44351525000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123069                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123069                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76596.379456                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76596.379456                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7320000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7320000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7124000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7124000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  67976460000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.525318                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 4730995                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                579097                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.169607                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.525318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               5312397                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              5312397                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  67976460000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  67976460000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  67976460000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        579320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            580061                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       579320                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           580061                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42413000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42051943000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  42094356000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42413000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42051943000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  42094356000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       579354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          580107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       579354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         580107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57237.516869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72588.453704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72568.843622                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57237.516869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72588.453704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72568.843622                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         578654                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               578654                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       580061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579320                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       580061                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40931000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40893305000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40934236000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40931000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40893305000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40934236000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999941                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999941                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55237.516869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70588.457157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70568.847070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55237.516869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70588.457157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70568.847070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    580376                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       579320                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           580061                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42413000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42051943000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42094356000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       579354                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         580107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999941                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57237.516869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72588.453704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72568.843622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       580061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40931000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40893305000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40934236000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999941                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55237.516869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70588.457157                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70568.847070                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       578913                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       578913                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       578913                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       578913                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  67976460000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.519246                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1158251                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               580376                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.995691                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     2.666735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     2.555297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   505.297215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.005208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.004991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.986909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          423                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1739908                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1739908                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  67976460000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               580107                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              580106                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        578913                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1737620                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1739126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     74129024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 74177216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3474672000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2896765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  67976460000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  67976460000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  67976460000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  67976460000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                84114860000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  90451                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34225596                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   177329                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    66.33                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1268036429                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000004                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11763071                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.084115                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 84114860000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            982429                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000004                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11763071                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28138                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     5859023                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         22553                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     8477486                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         84114849                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   84114849                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4984989                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3577170                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       944793                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                5775027                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       5775027                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              5775364                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11736408                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11736408                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            25783666                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4896358                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28131                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       5887152                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    5859021                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      0.28%      0.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5852232     49.70%     49.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1086      0.01%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    27993      0.24%     50.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84607      0.72%     50.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.00%     50.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            5774414     49.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11774332                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          169                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            261                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       722084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        722656                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       722084                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       722656                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44527479000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  44561403000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44527479000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  44561403000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       722176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       722917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       722176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       722917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999639                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999639                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59307.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61665.234239                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61663.368186                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59307.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61665.234239                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61663.368186                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       689219                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           689219                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       722084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       722656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       722084                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       722656                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32780000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  43083311000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  43116091000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32780000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  43083311000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  43116091000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999873                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999873                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57307.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59665.234239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59663.368186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57307.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59665.234239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59663.368186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                689888                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       722084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       722656                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44527479000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  44561403000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       722176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       722917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999873                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59307.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61665.234239                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61663.368186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       722084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       722656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32780000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  43083311000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  43116091000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999639                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57307.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59665.234239                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59663.368186                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       721511                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       721511                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       721511                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       721511                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84114860000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        31025.298270                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1379404                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           689888                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999461                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    30.484176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 30994.814094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.945887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.946817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          798                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7966                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        23914                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          2167084                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         2167084                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84114860000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8476733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8476733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8476733                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8476733                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47056000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47056000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47056000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47056000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      8477486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          8477486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      8477486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         8477486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45550000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45550000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45550000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45550000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8476733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8476733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47056000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47056000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      8477486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8477486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62491.367862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62491.367862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45550000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45550000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60491.367862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60491.367862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84114860000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               239.712189                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  117197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                228.454191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   239.712189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.936376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.936376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               8478239                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              8478239                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84114860000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              722656                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             722656                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       689219                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2134531                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2134531                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2134531                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     90360000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     90360000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                90360000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          4168751000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3801091500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84114860000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           36608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        46213376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            46249984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        36608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          36608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     44110016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         44110016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              572                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           722084                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               722656                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        689219                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              689219                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             435214                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          549407988                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              549843202                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        435214                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            435214                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       524402181                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             524402181                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       524402181                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            435214                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         549407988                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1074245383                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    689219.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       572.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    722084.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004758998500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         43074                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         43074                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              2111522                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              648423                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       722656                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      689219                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     722656                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    689219                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              45152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              45047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              44992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              44951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              45028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              45147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              45196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              45192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              45303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              45224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             45244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             45210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             45196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             45204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             45239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             45331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              43005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              42884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              42915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              42894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              42948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              43084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              43136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              43136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              43136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              43140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             43136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             43136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             43136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             43145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             43138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             43219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.62                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    6976143500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  3613280000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              20525943500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9653.48                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28403.48                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    662901                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   639947                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 722656                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                689219                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   722656                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   43075                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   43075                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   43075                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   43075                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   43075                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   43075                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   43075                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   43075                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   43075                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   43075                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   43075                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   43075                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   43075                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   43075                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   43074                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   43074                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       108996                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     829.003046                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    740.490678                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    290.310123                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1557      1.43%      1.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2898      2.66%      4.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9298      8.53%     12.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6132      5.63%     18.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2850      2.61%     20.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767        12935     11.87%     32.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2401      2.20%     34.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2390      2.19%     37.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        68535     62.88%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        108996                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        43074                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.776756                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.013756                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      93.926606                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023         43070     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::5120-6143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::8192-9215            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          43074                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        43074                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000093                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000088                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.013628                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             43072    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          43074                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                46249984                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 44108032                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 46249984                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              44110016                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        549.84                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        524.38                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     549.84                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     524.40                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    84114796000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       59576.66                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        36608                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     46213376                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     44108032                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 435214.419901548885                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 549407988.077255368233                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 524378593.746693491936                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          572                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       722084                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       689219                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     14863250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  20511080250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1981583467250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25984.70                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28405.39                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2875114.39                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             390450900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             207529575                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2584330140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1801870920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      6639341280.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       20298245490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       15206846880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         47128615185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         560.288814                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  38960366250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2808520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  42345973750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             387780540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             206110245                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2575433700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1795690440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      6639341280.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       19443473490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       15926654880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         46974484575                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         558.456432                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  40839894500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2808520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  40466445500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84114860000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84114860000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84114860000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          5153689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              5153689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5153689                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             5153689                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         722113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             722113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        722211                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            722211                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  56797867000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  56797867000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  56805187000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  56805187000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      5875802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          5875802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      5875900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         5875900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.122896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.122911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78655.095532                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78655.095532                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78654.558017                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78654.558017                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          721770                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                721770                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       722113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        722113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       722211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       722211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55353643000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  55353643000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55360767000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  55360767000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122896                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122896                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76655.098302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76655.098302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76654.560786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76654.560786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     721954                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11488000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11488000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50607.929515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50607.929515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48607.929515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48607.929515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        5125876                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            5125876                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       721886                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           721886                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  56786379000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  56786379000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      5847762                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        5847762                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123447                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.123447                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78663.915078                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78663.915078                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       721886                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       721886                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55342609000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  55342609000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123447                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123447                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76663.917849                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76663.917849                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7320000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7320000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7124000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7124000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84114860000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.616392                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 5873851                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                721954                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.136046                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.616392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               6598110                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              6598110                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84114860000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84114860000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84114860000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        722177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            722918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       722177                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           722918                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42413000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  52471599000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  52514012000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42413000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  52471599000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  52514012000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       722211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          722964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       722211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         722964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57237.516869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72657.532710                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72641.727001                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57237.516869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72657.532710                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72641.727001                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         721511                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               721511                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       722177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       722918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       722177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       722918                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40931000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51027247000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  51068178000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40931000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51027247000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  51068178000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999953                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999936                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999953                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999936                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55237.516869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70657.535480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70641.729767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55237.516869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70657.535480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70641.729767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    723233                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       722177                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           722918                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42413000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  52471599000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  52514012000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       722211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         722964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999953                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57237.516869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72657.532710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72641.727001                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       722177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       722918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40931000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51027247000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  51068178000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999953                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55237.516869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70657.535480                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70641.729767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       721770                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       721770                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       721770                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       721770                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84114860000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.803345                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1443965                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               723233                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.996542                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     2.155091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     2.065034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   506.583221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.004209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.004033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.989420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          422                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              2168479                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             2168479                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84114860000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               722964                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              722963                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        721770                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2166191                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 2167697                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     92414720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 92462912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           4331814000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          3611050000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84114860000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84114860000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84114860000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  84114860000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               100253573000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  98496                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34225840                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   193658                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    71.07                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1410649166                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13763065                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.100254                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                100253573000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1125285                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13763065                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28138                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     7004110                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         27017                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9908285                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        100253573                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  100253573                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5699269                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4148596                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1087649                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                6920115                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       6920115                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              6920451                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13738634                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13738634                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            30361777                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5610640                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28131                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       7032240                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    7004109                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      0.24%      0.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6709370     48.70%     48.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1086      0.01%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    27993      0.20%     49.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84607      0.61%     49.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.00%     49.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            6919502     50.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13776558                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          169                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            261                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       864941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        865513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       864941                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       865513                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  53376040000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  53409964000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  53376040000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  53409964000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       865033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       865774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       865033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       865774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59307.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61710.613788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61709.025745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59307.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61710.613788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61709.025745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       832076                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           832076                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       864941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       865513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       864941                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       865513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32780000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51646158000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  51678938000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32780000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51646158000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  51678938000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999894                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999894                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57307.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59710.613788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59709.025745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57307.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59710.613788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59709.025745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                832745                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       864941                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       865513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  53376040000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  53409964000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       865033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       865774                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999894                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59307.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61710.613788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61709.025745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       864941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       865513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32780000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51646158000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  51678938000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999894                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57307.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59710.613788                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59709.025745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       864368                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       864368                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       864368                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       864368                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100253573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        31305.836531                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1730142                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           865513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998979                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    25.576866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 31280.259666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.954598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.955378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          796                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7967                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        23916                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          2595655                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         2595655                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100253573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9907532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9907532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9907532                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9907532                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47056000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47056000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47056000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47056000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9908285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9908285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9908285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9908285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45550000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45550000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45550000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45550000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9907532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9907532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47056000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47056000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9908285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9908285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62491.367862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62491.367862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45550000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45550000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60491.367862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60491.367862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100253573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               239.758521                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9908285                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   753                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs              13158.413015                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   239.758521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.936557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.936557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9909038                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9909038                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100253573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              865513                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             865513                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       832076                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2563102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2563102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2563102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port    108645696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total    108645696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               108645696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          5025893000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         4552431000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100253573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           36608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        55356224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            55392832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        36608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          36608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     53252864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         53252864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              572                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           864941                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               865513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        832076                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              832076                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             365154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          552162106                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              552527260                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        365154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            365154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       531181707                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             531181707                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       531181707                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            365154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         552162106                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1083708967                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    832076.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       572.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    864941.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004758998500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         52003                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         52003                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              2534992                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              782835                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       865513                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      832076                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     865513                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    832076                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              54060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              54007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              53952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              53911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              53988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              54107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              54156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              54152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              54263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              54184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             54204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             54170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             54089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             54036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             54071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             54163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              51944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              51844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              51875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              51854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              51908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              52044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              52096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              52096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              52096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              52100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             52096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             52096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             52005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             51977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             51970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             52051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.82                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    8394800250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  4327565000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              24623169000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9699.22                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28449.22                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    793959                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   772607                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 865513                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                832076                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   865513                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   52004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   52004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   52004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   52004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   52004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   52004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   52004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   52003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   52003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   52003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   52003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   52003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   52003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   52003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   52003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   52003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       130997                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     829.354932                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    741.159368                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    289.943102                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1856      1.42%      1.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3438      2.62%      4.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        11170      8.53%     12.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7386      5.64%     18.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3389      2.59%     20.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767        15603     11.91%     32.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2879      2.20%     34.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2868      2.19%     37.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        82408     62.91%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        130997                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        52003                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.643386                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.011393                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      85.483779                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023         51999     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::5120-6143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::8192-9215            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          52003                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        52003                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000077                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000072                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.012403                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             52001    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          52003                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                55392832                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 53251328                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 55392832                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              53252864                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        552.53                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        531.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     552.53                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     531.18                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                   100253528000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       59056.42                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        36608                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     55356224                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     53251328                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 365154.067875466135                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 552162105.982995748520                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 531166385.461394011974                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          572                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       864941                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       832076                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     14863250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  24608305750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 2380934592500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25984.70                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28450.85                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2861438.85                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             468769560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             249149340                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           3092905200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          2173561020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      7913490000.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       24117218700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       18188135520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         56203229340                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         560.610736                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  46597459500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   3347500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  50308613500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             466563300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             247984275                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           3086857620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          2169750420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      7913490000.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       23283642150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       18890094720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         56058382485                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         559.165931                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  48429863000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   3347500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  48476210000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100253573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100253573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100253573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          6153688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              6153688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         6153688                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             6153688                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         864969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             864969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        865067                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            865067                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  68074997000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  68074997000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  68082317000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  68082317000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      7018657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          7018657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      7018755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         7018755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.123239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.123251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78702.239040                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78702.239040                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78701.784948                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78701.784948                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          864627                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                864627                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       864969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        864969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       865067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       865067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  66345059000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  66345059000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  66352183000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  66352183000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76702.239040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76702.239040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76701.784948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76701.784948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     864811                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11488000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11488000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50607.929515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50607.929515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48607.929515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48607.929515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        6125875                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            6125875                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       864742                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           864742                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  68063509000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  68063509000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      6990617                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        6990617                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123700                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.123700                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78709.613966                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78709.613966                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       864742                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       864742                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  66334025000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  66334025000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123700                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123700                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76709.613966                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76709.613966                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7320000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7320000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7124000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7124000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100253573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.678144                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 7018755                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                865067                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.113539                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.678144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               7883822                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              7883822                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100253573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100253573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100253573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        865033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            865774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       865033                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           865774                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42413000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  62891587000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  62934000000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42413000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  62891587000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  62934000000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       865067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          865820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       865067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         865820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999961                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999961                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57237.516869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72704.263306                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72691.025603                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57237.516869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72704.263306                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72691.025603                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         864368                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               864368                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       865033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       865774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       865033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       865774                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40931000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  61161521000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  61202452000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40931000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  61161521000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  61202452000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999961                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999961                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55237.516869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70704.263306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70691.025603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55237.516869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70704.263306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70691.025603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    866090                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       865033                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           865774                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42413000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  62891587000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  62934000000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       865067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         865820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57237.516869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72704.263306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72691.025603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       865033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       865774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40931000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  61161521000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  61202452000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55237.516869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70704.263306                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70691.025603                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       864627                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       864627                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       864627                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       864627                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100253573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.995982                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1730447                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               866602                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.996819                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     1.808167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     1.732607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   507.455208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.003532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.003384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          423                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              2597049                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             2597049                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100253573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               865820                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              865820                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        864627                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2594761                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 2596267                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side    110700416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                110748608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           5188955000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          4325335000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100253573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100253573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100253573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 100253573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
