
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                11836324000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  59180                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34313476                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    73975                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    16.90                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              700452043                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000012                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1250029                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.011836                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11836324000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                             51353                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000012                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1250029                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       11010                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      802315                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          3120                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1534593                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         11836313                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   11836313                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               260258                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              267953                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        48675                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 756642                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        756642                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               758306                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1701                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1248864                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1248864                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3012078                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes             395776                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       10962                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        813276                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     802314                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.07%      0.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                    435202     34.77%     34.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.01%     34.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.01%     34.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     34.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     34.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     34.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     34.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     34.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     34.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     34.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     34.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     34.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     34.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.08%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.03%     34.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.04%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10592      0.85%     35.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   48091      3.84%     39.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.03%     39.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             754223     60.26%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1251585                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    73                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            157                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        99546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        100296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        99546                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       100296                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44456000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5587118000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   5631574000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44456000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5587118000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   5631574000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        99564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       100453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        99564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       100453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998437                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998437                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59274.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56125.992004                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56149.537369                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59274.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56125.992004                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56149.537369                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       100296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99546                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       100296                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42956000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5388026000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5430982000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42956000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5388026000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5430982000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998437                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998437                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57274.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54125.992004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54149.537369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57274.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54125.992004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54149.537369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        99546                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       100296                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44456000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5587118000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5631574000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        99564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       100453                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.998437                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59274.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56125.992004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56149.537369                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       100296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42956000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5388026000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5430982000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998437                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57274.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54125.992004                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54149.537369                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        98974                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        98974                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        98974                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        98974                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11836324000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        49637.795336                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   742.842231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 48894.953105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.005667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.373039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.378706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024       100296                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          771                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7705                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        77059                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14676                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.765198                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           299723                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          299723                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11836324000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1533634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1533634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1533634                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1533634                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60929000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     60929000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60929000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     60929000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1534593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1534593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1534593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1534593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63533.889468                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63533.889468                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63533.889468                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63533.889468                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59011000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59011000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59011000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59011000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61533.889468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61533.889468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61533.889468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61533.889468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1533634                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1533634                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60929000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     60929000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1534593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1534593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63533.889468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63533.889468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59011000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59011000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61533.889468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61533.889468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11836324000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               245.918325                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   43294                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 60.806180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   245.918325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.960618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.960618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1535552                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1535552                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11836324000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              100296                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             100296                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       200592                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       200592                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 200592                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      6418944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      6418944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 6418944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           100296000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          528372000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11836324000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           48000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         6370944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             6418944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              750                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            99546                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               100296                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            4055313                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          538253600                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              542308913                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       4055313                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           4055313                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           4055313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         538253600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             542308913                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       750.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     99546.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000573500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               203632                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       100296                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     100296                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               6397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               6247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               6234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               6218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               6348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               6213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               6194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               6207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               6213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               6212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              6245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              6295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              6276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              6294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              6395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              6308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     414364000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   501480000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               2294914000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       4131.41                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 22881.41                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     92392                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  92.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 100296                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   100296                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         7903                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     812.151335                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    664.028068                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    345.996138                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           267      3.38%      3.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          968     12.25%     15.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          288      3.64%     19.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          268      3.39%     22.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          135      1.71%     24.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          129      1.63%     26.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          256      3.24%     29.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          251      3.18%     32.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         5341     67.58%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          7903                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 6418944                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  6418944                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        542.31                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     542.31                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          4.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    11836168000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      118012.36                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      6370944                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 4055313.119174500462                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 538253599.681793093681                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          750                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        99546                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     19451000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   2275463000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25934.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     22858.41                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              27967380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              14865015                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            358699320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      934252800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2778475830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2205379680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6319640025                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         533.919148                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5681927750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    395200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5759196250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              28467180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              15126870                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            357414120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      934252800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2766603870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2215377120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6317241960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         533.716546                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5708331500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    395200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5732792500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11836324000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11836324000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11836324000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           712077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               712077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          712077                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              712077                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          99692                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              99692                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         99692                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             99692                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7281654000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7281654000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7281654000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7281654000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       811769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           811769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       811769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          811769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.122808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.122808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73041.507844                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73041.507844                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73041.507844                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73041.507844                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           99263                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 99263                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         99692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99692                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        99692                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7082272000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7082272000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7082272000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7082272000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71041.527906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71041.527906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71041.527906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71041.527906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      99435                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15449000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15449000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           11010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55772.563177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55772.563177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14895000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14895000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53772.563177                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53772.563177                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         701344                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             701344                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        99415                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            99415                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7266205000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7266205000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       800759                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         800759                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124151                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124151                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73089.624302                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73089.624302                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99415                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        99415                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7067377000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7067377000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124151                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124151                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71089.644420                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71089.644420                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11836324000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.493541                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  809721                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 99435                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.143219                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.493541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.990209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                911460                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               911460                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11836324000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11836324000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11836324000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         99565                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            100454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        99565                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           100454                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54513000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6682358000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6736871000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54513000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6682358000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6736871000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        99692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          100651                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        99692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         100651                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.998043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.998043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61319.460067                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67115.532567                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67064.238358                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61319.460067                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67115.532567                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67064.238358                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          98974                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                98974                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       100454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99565                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       100454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52735000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6483230000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6535965000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52735000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6483230000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6535965000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998726                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998726                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59319.460067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65115.552654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65064.258267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59319.460067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65115.552654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65064.258267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    100178                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        99565                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           100454                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54513000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6682358000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6736871000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        99692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         100651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.998043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61319.460067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67115.532567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67064.238358                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       100454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52735000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6483230000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6535965000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59319.460067                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65115.552654                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65064.258267                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        99263                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        99263                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        99263                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        99263                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11836324000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.666381                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 199145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               100178                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.987912                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.884401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     5.377271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   502.404709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.010502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.981259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          427                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               300604                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              300604                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11836324000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               100651                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              100650                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         99263                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       298646                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  300564                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     12733056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 12794432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            596966000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           498455000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11836324000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11836324000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11836324000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  11836324000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                24502259000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  61773                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34314272                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    75929                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    32.38                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              756782955                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000007                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2458355                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.024502                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 24502259000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                             93019                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000007                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2458355                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       11010                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1637272                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          6374                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3081133                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         24502248                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   24502248                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               468588                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              517951                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        90341                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                1548305                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       1548305                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              1549970                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1701                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               2458817                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      2458817                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             5976904                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes             729106                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       10962                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1648233                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1637271                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                    810198     32.91%     32.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.01%     32.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.00%     32.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     32.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     32.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     32.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     32.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     32.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     32.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     32.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     32.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     32.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     32.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.04%     33.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     33.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.02%     33.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.02%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10592      0.43%     33.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   91385      3.71%     37.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.02%     37.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            1545886     62.80%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2461538                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    73                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            157                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       203713                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        204463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       203713                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       204463                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44456000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11930808000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  11975264000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44456000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11930808000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  11975264000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       203731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       204620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       203731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       204620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59274.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58566.748317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58569.345065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59274.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58566.748317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58569.345065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        72549                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            72549                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       204463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       204463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42956000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11523382000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11566338000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42956000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11523382000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11566338000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57274.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56566.748317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56569.345065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57274.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56566.748317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56569.345065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 73391                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       203713                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       204463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44456000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11930808000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11975264000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       203731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       204620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59274.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58566.748317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58569.345065                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       204463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42956000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11523382000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11566338000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57274.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56566.748317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56569.345065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       203141                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       203141                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       203141                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       203141                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24502259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        89431.871127                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             146129                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            73391                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.991102                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   428.829666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 89003.041461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.003272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.679039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.682311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024       131072                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          730                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7274                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        73255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        49732                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           612224                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          612224                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24502259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3080174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3080174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3080174                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3080174                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60929000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     60929000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60929000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     60929000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3081133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3081133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3081133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3081133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63533.889468                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63533.889468                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63533.889468                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63533.889468                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59011000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59011000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59011000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59011000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61533.889468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61533.889468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61533.889468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61533.889468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3080174                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3080174                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60929000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     60929000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3081133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3081133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63533.889468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63533.889468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59011000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59011000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61533.889468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61533.889468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24502259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.477475                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   43294                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 60.806180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.477475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.962803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.962803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3082092                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3082092                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24502259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              204463                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             204463                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        72549                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       481475                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       481475                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 481475                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     17728768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     17728768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                17728768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           567208000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1076756250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24502259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           48000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        13037632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            13085632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      4643136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          4643136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              750                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           203713                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               204463                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         72549                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               72549                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1959003                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          532099183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              534058186                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1959003                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1959003                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       189498283                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             189498283                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       189498283                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1959003                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         532099183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             723556469                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     72549.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       750.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    203713.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000099448500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          4260                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          4260                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               483973                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               68339                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       204463                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       72549                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     204463                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     72549                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              12797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              12757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              12762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              12746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              12876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              12741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              12722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              12735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              12741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              12740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             12773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             12823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             12804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             12822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             12916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             12708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               4482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               4498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               4520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               4490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               4543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               4497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               4498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               4480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               4480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               4547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              4545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              4608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              4608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              4610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              4639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              4480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        9.50                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1339862500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1022315000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               5173543750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6553.08                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25303.08                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    186489                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    65443                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 90.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 204463                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 72549                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   204463                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    1729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    2624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    4260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    4261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    4262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    4261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    4261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    4261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    4261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    4260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    4260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    4260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    4274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    4260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    4260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    4260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    4260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    4260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        25055                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     707.509719                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    506.187583                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    398.815168                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2252      8.99%      8.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4234     16.90%     25.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          940      3.75%     29.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          819      3.27%     32.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          709      2.83%     35.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          615      2.45%     38.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          842      3.36%     41.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          853      3.40%     44.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13791     55.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         25055                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         4260                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       47.993897                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      17.115471                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    2001.845160                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095          4259     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::126976-131071            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           4260                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         4260                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.024648                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.001294                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.890641                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              1637     38.43%     38.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               882     20.70%     59.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              1740     40.85%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           4260                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                13085632                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  4641600                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 13085632                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               4643136                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        534.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        189.44                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     534.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     189.50                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          5.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     1.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    24502191000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       88451.73                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     13037632                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      4641600                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1959003.045392671833                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 532099183.181436479092                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 189435594.489471375942                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          750                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       203713                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        72549                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     19451000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   5154092750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 220393770000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25934.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25300.76                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3037860.89                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              89728380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              47687970                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            730614780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           190618740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1933657440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5770372770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4549606560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         13312286640                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         543.308543                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11682196250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    817960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  12002102750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              89171460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              47395755                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            729251040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           187961760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1933657440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5749644150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4567062240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         13304143845                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         542.976215                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11729506500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    817960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  11954792500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24502259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24502259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24502259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1441240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1441240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1441240                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1441240                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         203859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             203859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        203859                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            203859                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15396183000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15396183000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15396183000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15396183000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1645099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1645099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1645099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1645099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.123919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.123919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75523.685488                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75523.685488                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75523.685488                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75523.685488                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          203430                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                203430                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        203859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203859                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       203859                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14988467000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14988467000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14988467000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14988467000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123919                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123919                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123919                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123919                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73523.695299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73523.695299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73523.695299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73523.695299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     203602                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15449000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15449000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           11010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55772.563177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55772.563177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14895000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14895000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53772.563177                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53772.563177                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1430507                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1430507                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       203582                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           203582                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15380734000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  15380734000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1634089                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1634089                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124584                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124584                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75550.559480                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75550.559480                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203582                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       203582                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14973572000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14973572000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124584                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124584                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73550.569304                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73550.569304                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24502259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.789203                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1643057                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                203602                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.069945                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.789203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1848957                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1848957                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24502259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24502259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24502259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        203732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            204621                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       203732                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           204621                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54513000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14171885000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  14226398000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54513000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14171885000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  14226398000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       203859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          204818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       203859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         204818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61319.460067                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69561.409106                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69525.600989                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61319.460067                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69561.409106                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69525.600989                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         203141                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               203141                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       204621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203732                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       204621                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52735000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13764423000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13817158000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52735000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13764423000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13817158000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59319.460067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67561.418923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67525.610763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59319.460067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67561.418923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67525.610763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    204345                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       203732                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           204621                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54513000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14171885000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14226398000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       203859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         204818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61319.460067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69561.409106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69525.600989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       204621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52735000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13764423000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13817158000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59319.460067                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67561.418923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67525.610763                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       203430                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       203430                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       203430                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       203430                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24502259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.389626                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 407479                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               204345                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.994074                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.427228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     2.597602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   507.364796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.005073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.990947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               613105                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              613105                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24502259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               204818                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              204817                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        203430                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       611147                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  613065                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     26066432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 26127808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1221968000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1019290000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24502259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24502259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24502259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  24502259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                37386625000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  64247                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34314404                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    78524                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    46.69                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              800658158                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000004                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3666686                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.037387                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 37386625000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            134686                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000004                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3666686                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       11010                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     2472230                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          9630                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     4627679                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         37386614                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   37386614                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               676923                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              767951                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       132008                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2339969                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2339969                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              2341633                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1701                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3668776                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3668776                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             8941741                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1062440                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       10962                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2483191                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    2472229                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1185199     32.28%     32.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.00%     32.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.00%     32.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     32.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     32.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     32.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     32.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     32.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     32.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     32.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     32.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     32.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     32.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.03%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.01%     32.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.01%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10592      0.29%     32.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  134679      3.67%     36.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.01%     36.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            2337550     63.67%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3671497                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    73                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            157                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       307879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        308629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       307879                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       308629                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44456000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18492932000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  18537388000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44456000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18492932000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  18537388000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       307897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       308786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       307897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       308786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999492                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999492                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59274.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60065.584207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60063.662196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59274.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60065.584207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60063.662196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       176715                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           176715                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       308629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307879                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       308629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42956000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  17877174000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17920130000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42956000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  17877174000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17920130000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999492                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999942                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999492                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57274.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58065.584207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58063.662196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57274.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58065.584207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58063.662196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                177557                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       307879                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       308629                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44456000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18492932000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18537388000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       307897                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       308786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999492                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59274.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60065.584207                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60063.662196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       308629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42956000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  17877174000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17920130000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999492                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57274.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58065.584207                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58063.662196                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       307307                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       307307                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       307307                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       307307                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37386625000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        103782.100940                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             354461                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           177557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.996322                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   281.044238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 103501.056701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.002144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.789650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.791795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024       131072                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          726                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7274                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        72762                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        50227                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           924722                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          924722                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37386625000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          4626720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              4626720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4626720                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             4626720                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60929000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     60929000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60929000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     60929000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      4627679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          4627679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      4627679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         4627679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63533.889468                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63533.889468                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63533.889468                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63533.889468                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59011000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59011000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59011000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59011000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61533.889468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61533.889468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61533.889468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61533.889468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4626720                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             4626720                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60929000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     60929000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      4627679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4627679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63533.889468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63533.889468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59011000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59011000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61533.889468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61533.889468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37386625000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.657550                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   43294                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 60.806180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.657550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.963506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.963506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4628638                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4628638                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37386625000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              308629                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             308629                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       176715                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       793973                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       793973                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 793973                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     31062016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     31062016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                31062016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1192204000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               3.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1625019000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37386625000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           48000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        19704256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            19752256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     11309760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         11309760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              750                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           307879                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               308629                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        176715                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              176715                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1283882                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          527040245                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              528324127                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1283882                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1283882                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       302508183                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             302508183                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       302508183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1283882                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         527040245                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             830832310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    176715.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       750.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    307879.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000099448500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         10376                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         10376                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               794332                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              166471                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       308629                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      176715                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     308629                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    176715                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              19325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              19285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              19290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              19274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              19404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              19269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              19250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              19263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              19269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              19268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             19301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             19351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             19299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             19222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             19323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             19236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              11010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              11026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              11048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              11018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              11071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              11025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              11026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              11008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              11008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              11075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             11073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             11136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             11072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             11010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             11070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             11008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       15.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    2483963250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1543145000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               8270757000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8048.38                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26798.38                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    279641                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   159431                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 90.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 308629                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                176715                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   308629                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    4219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    6416                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   10376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   10377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   10378                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   10377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   10377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   10377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   10377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   10377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   10377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   10377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   10412                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   10377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   10377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   10377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   10376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   10376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        46240                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     671.692734                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    461.079028                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    409.508454                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5051     10.92%     10.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         8570     18.53%     29.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1754      3.79%     33.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1477      3.19%     36.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1464      3.17%     39.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1266      2.74%     42.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1550      3.35%     45.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1603      3.47%     49.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        23505     50.83%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         46240                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        10376                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       29.743061                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      17.051703                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1282.687722                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095         10375     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::126976-131071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          10376                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        10376                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.028142                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.004846                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.889445                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              3961     38.17%     38.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              2163     20.85%     59.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              4251     40.97%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          10376                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                19752256                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 11307776                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 19752256                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              11309760                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        528.32                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        302.46                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     528.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     302.51                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          6.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     2.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    37386537000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       77031.01                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     19704256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     11307776                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1283881.602043511579                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 527040245.007405698299                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 302455115.967274367809                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          750                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       307879                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       176715                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     19451000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   8251306000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 532129835250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25934.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26800.48                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3011231.84                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             165255300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              87831480                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1101480660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           461719440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2950886640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        8805866730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6940997280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         20514037530                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         548.699904                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17787758250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1248260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  18350606750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             164905440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              87649320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1102130400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           460571040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2950886640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        8802469530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6943858080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         20512470450                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         548.657988                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17797189500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1248260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  18341175500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37386625000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37386625000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37386625000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2170404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2170404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2170404                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2170404                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         308025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             308025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        308025                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            308025                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23729129000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  23729129000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23729129000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  23729129000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2478429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2478429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2478429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2478429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77036.373671                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77036.373671                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77036.373671                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77036.373671                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          307596                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                307596                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       308025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        308025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       308025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       308025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23113081000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23113081000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23113081000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23113081000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75036.380164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75036.380164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75036.380164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75036.380164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     307768                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15449000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15449000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           11010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55772.563177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55772.563177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14895000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14895000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53772.563177                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53772.563177                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        2159671                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            2159671                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       307748                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           307748                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23713680000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  23713680000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      2467419                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        2467419                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124725                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124725                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77055.512952                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77055.512952                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307748                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       307748                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23098186000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23098186000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124725                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124725                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75055.519451                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75055.519451                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37386625000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.206474                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2476385                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                307768                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.046272                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.206474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2786453                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2786453                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37386625000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37386625000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37386625000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        307898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            308787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       307898                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           308787                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54513000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  21879835000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  21934348000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54513000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  21879835000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  21934348000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       308025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          308984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       308025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         308984                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61319.460067                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71061.958831                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71033.910106                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61319.460067                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71061.958831                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71033.910106                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         307307                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               307307                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       308787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       308787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52735000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  21264041000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21316776000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52735000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  21264041000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21316776000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999362                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59319.460067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69061.965326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69033.916583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59319.460067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69061.965326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69033.916583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    308511                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       307898                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           308787                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54513000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  21879835000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21934348000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       308025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         308984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61319.460067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71061.958831                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71033.910106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       308787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52735000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  21264041000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21316776000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59319.460067                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69061.965326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69033.916583                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       307596                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       307596                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       307596                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       307596                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37386625000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.944601                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 615811                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               308511                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.996075                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.279995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     1.702404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   508.962203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.003325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          429                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               925603                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              925603                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37386625000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               308984                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              308983                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        307596                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       923645                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  925563                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     39399680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 39461056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1846964000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1540120000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37386625000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37386625000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37386625000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  37386625000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                50270493000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  69024                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34314404                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    84123                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    57.95                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              867465997                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000012                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       4875029                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.050270                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 50270493000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            176353                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000012                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       4875029                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       11010                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     3307198                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         12886                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6174242                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         50270482                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   50270482                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               885258                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1017953                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       173675                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                3131642                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       3131642                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              3133306                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1701                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               4878747                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      4878747                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11906610                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1395776                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       10962                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       3318159                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    3307197                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1560202     31.96%     31.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.00%     31.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.00%     31.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     31.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     31.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     31.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     31.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     31.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     31.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     31.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     31.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     31.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     31.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.02%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.01%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.01%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10592      0.22%     32.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  177974      3.65%     35.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.01%     35.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            3129223     64.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    4881468                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    73                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            157                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       412046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        412796                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       412046                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       412796                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44456000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25054489000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  25098945000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44456000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25054489000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  25098945000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       412064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       412953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       412064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       412953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999956                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999956                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59274.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60805.077588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60802.297018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59274.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60805.077588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60802.297018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       280882                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           280882                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       412046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       412796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       412046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       412796                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42956000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24230397000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24273353000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42956000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24230397000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24273353000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999956                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999956                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57274.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58805.077588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58802.297018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57274.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58805.077588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58802.297018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                281724                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       412046                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       412796                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44456000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25054489000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25098945000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       412064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       412953                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999956                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59274.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60805.077588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60802.297018                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       412046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       412796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42956000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24230397000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24273353000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999956                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57274.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58805.077588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58802.297018                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       411474                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       411474                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       411474                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       411474                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50270493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        110776.252702                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             562795                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           281724                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.997682                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   209.015168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 110567.237534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.843561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.845156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024       131072                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          726                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7280                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        72764                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        50221                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1237223                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1237223                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50270493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6173283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6173283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6173283                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6173283                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60929000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     60929000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60929000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     60929000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6174242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6174242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6174242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6174242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63533.889468                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63533.889468                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63533.889468                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63533.889468                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59011000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59011000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59011000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59011000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61533.889468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61533.889468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61533.889468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61533.889468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6173283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6173283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60929000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     60929000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6174242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6174242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63533.889468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63533.889468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59011000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59011000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61533.889468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61533.889468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50270493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.745317                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   43294                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 60.806180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.745317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.963849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.963849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6175201                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6175201                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50270493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              412796                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             412796                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       280882                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1106474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1106474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1106474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     44395392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     44395392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                44395392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1817206000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               3.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2173284000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50270493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           48000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        26370944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            26418944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     17976448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         17976448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              750                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           412046                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               412796                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        280882                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              280882                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             954834                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          524580970                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              525535805                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        954834                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            954834                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       357594424                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             357594424                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       357594424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            954834                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         524580970                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             883130229                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    280882.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       750.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    412046.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000099448500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         16495                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         16495                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1104697                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              264619                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       412796                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      280882                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     412796                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    280882                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              25853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              25813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              25818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              25802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              25932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              25797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              25778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              25791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              25797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              25796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             25771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             25751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             25732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             25750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             25851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             25764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              17538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              17554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              17576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              17546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              17599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              17553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              17554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              17536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              17536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              17603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             17523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             17536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             17536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             17538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             17598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             17536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       17.68                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    3627448000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2063980000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              11367373000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8787.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27537.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    372812                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   253456                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 90.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 412796                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                280882                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   412796                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    6704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   10184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   16495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   16496                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   16497                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   16495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   16495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   16495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   16495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   16495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   16495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   16495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   16551                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   16495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   16495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   16495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   16495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   16495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        67389                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     658.771016                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    446.004677                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    412.421462                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          7799     11.57%     11.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12909     19.16%     30.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2575      3.82%     34.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2138      3.17%     37.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2217      3.29%     41.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1915      2.84%     43.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2272      3.37%     47.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2346      3.48%     50.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        33218     49.29%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         67389                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        16495                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       25.025341                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      17.033282                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1017.325607                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095         16494     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::126976-131071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          16495                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        16495                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.027099                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.003781                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.889863                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              6312     38.27%     38.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              3425     20.76%     59.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              6757     40.96%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          16495                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                26418944                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 17975168                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 26418944                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              17976448                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        525.54                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        357.57                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     525.54                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     357.59                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          6.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     2.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    50270387000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       72469.34                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     26370944                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     17975168                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 954834.479144654470                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 524580970.391517758369                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 357568961.975367963314                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          750                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       412046                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       280882                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     19451000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  11347922000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 843930987750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25934.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27540.43                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3004574.83                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             240603720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             127880115                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1472353680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           732919320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      3968115840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       11844902670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        9329214720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         27715990065                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         551.337145                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  23885535500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1678560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  24706397500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             240560880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             127861140                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1475009760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           733180320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      3968115840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       11850657390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        9324368640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         27719753970                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         551.412018                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  23874611750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1678560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  24717321250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50270493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50270493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50270493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2899577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2899577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2899577                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2899577                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         412192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             412192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        412192                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            412192                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32061525000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  32061525000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32061525000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  32061525000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      3311769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          3311769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      3311769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3311769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77782.987055                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77782.987055                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77782.987055                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77782.987055                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          411763                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                411763                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       412192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        412192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       412192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       412192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31237143000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31237143000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31237143000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31237143000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75782.991907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75782.991907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75782.991907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75782.991907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     411935                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15449000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15449000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           11010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55772.563177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55772.563177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14895000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14895000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53772.563177                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53772.563177                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        2888844                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            2888844                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       411915                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           411915                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32046076000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  32046076000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      3300759                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        3300759                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124794                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124794                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77797.788379                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77797.788379                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       411915                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       411915                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31222248000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31222248000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124794                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124794                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75797.793234                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75797.793234                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50270493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.409847                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 3309721                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                411935                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.034571                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.409847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               3723960                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              3723960                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50270493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50270493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50270493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        412065                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            412954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       412065                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           412954                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54513000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29587229000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  29641742000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54513000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29587229000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  29641742000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       412192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          413151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       412192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         413151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61319.460067                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71802.334583                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71779.767238                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61319.460067                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71802.334583                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71779.767238                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         411474                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               411474                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       412065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       412954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       412065                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       412954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52735000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28763101000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28815836000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52735000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28763101000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28815836000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59319.460067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69802.339437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69779.772081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59319.460067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69802.339437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69779.772081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    412678                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       412065                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           412954                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54513000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29587229000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  29641742000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       412192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         413151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999523                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61319.460067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71802.334583                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71779.767238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       412065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       412954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52735000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28763101000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28815836000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999523                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59319.460067                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69802.339437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69779.772081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       411763                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       411763                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       411763                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       411763                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50270493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.215090                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 824145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               412678                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.997066                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.208235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     1.266093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   509.740763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.002473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1238104                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1238104                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50270493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               413151                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              413150                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        411763                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1236146                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1238064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     52733056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 52794432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           2471966000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2060955000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50270493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50270493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50270493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  50270493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                63155012000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  78822                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34314632                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    95900                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    63.43                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              995597903                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000007                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6083355                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.063155                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 63155012000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            218019                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000007                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6083355                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       11010                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     4142155                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         16140                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7720782                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         63155001                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   63155001                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1093588                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1267951                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       215341                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                3923305                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       3923305                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              3924970                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1701                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               6088700                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      6088700                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14871436                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1729106                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       10962                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       4153116                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    4142154                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1935198     31.77%     31.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.00%     31.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.00%     31.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     31.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     31.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     31.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     31.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     31.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     31.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     31.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     31.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     31.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     31.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.02%     31.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     31.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.01%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.01%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10592      0.17%     31.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  221268      3.63%     35.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.01%     35.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            3920886     64.37%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6091421                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    73                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            157                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       516213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        516963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       516213                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       516963                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44456000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31616763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  31661219000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44456000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31616763000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  31661219000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       516231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       517120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       516231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       517120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59274.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61247.514108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61244.651938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59274.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61247.514108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61244.651938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       385049                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           385049                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       516963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       516963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42956000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30584337000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  30627293000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42956000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30584337000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  30627293000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999965                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999965                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57274.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59247.514108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59244.651938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57274.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59247.514108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59244.651938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                385891                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       516213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       516963                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44456000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31616763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  31661219000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       516231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       517120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59274.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61247.514108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61244.651938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       516963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42956000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30584337000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30627293000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57274.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59247.514108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59244.651938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       515641                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       515641                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       515641                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       515641                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63155012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        114916.873270                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             771129                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           385891                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998308                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   166.373107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 114750.500164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.875477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.876746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024       131072                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          730                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7276                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        72762                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        50225                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1549724                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1549724                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63155012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7719823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7719823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7719823                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7719823                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60929000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     60929000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60929000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     60929000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7720782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7720782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7720782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7720782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63533.889468                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63533.889468                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63533.889468                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63533.889468                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59011000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59011000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59011000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59011000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61533.889468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61533.889468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61533.889468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61533.889468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7719823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7719823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60929000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     60929000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7720782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7720782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63533.889468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63533.889468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59011000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59011000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61533.889468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61533.889468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63155012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.797276                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   43294                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 60.806180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.797276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7721741                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7721741                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63155012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              516963                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             516963                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       385049                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1418975                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1418975                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1418975                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     57728768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     57728768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                57728768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          2442208000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               3.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2721551000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63155012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           48000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        33037632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            33085632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     24643136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         24643136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              750                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           516213                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               516963                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        385049                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              385049                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             760035                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          523119717                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              523879752                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        760035                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            760035                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       390200797                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             390200797                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       390200797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            760035                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         523119717                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             914080548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    385049.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       750.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    516213.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000099448500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         22612                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         22612                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1415065                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              362757                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       516963                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      385049                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     516963                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    385049                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              32381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              32341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              32346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              32330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              32460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              32325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              32306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              32319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              32242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              32196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             32229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             32279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             32260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             32278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             32379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             32292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              24066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              24082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              24104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              24074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              24127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              24081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              24082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              24064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              23963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              24003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             24001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             24064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             24064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             24066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             24126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             24064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       19.27                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    4771647750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2584815000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              14464704000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9230.15                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27980.15                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    465970                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   347459                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 90.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 516963                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                385049                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   516963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    9195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   13970                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   22612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   22612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   22613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   22612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   22612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   22612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   22612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   22612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   22612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   22612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   22688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   22612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   22612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   22612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   22612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   22612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        88564                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     651.817352                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    437.997520                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    413.868322                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         10585     11.95%     11.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        17242     19.47%     31.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3389      3.83%     35.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2807      3.17%     38.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2961      3.34%     41.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2566      2.90%     44.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2991      3.38%     48.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         3095      3.49%     51.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        42928     48.47%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         88564                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        22612                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       22.862286                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      17.025923                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     868.893958                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095         22611    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::126976-131071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          22612                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        22612                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.027729                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.004419                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.889688                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              8643     38.22%     38.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              4700     20.79%     59.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              9268     40.99%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          22612                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                33085632                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 24641984                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 33085632                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              24643136                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        523.88                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        390.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     523.88                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     390.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    63154944000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       70015.64                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     33037632                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     24641984                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 760034.690516724251                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 523119716.927613019943                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 390182555.899126470089                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          750                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       516213                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       385049                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     19451000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  14445253000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1155693361750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25934.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27983.13                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3001418.94                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.18                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             315895020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             167898390                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1843226700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1004072220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4985345040.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       14880038670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       11720965920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         34917441960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         552.884733                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  29992825750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2108860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  31053326250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             316459080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             168201990                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1847889120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1005789600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4985345040.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       14904573180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       11700305280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         34928563290                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         553.060829                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  29939366000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2108860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  31106786000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63155012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63155012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63155012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          3628740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              3628740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3628740                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             3628740                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         516359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             516359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        516359                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            516359                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40394638000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  40394638000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40394638000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  40394638000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      4145099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          4145099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      4145099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         4145099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78229.754880                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78229.754880                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78229.754880                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78229.754880                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          515930                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                515930                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        516359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       516359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39361922000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39361922000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39361922000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39361922000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76229.758753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76229.758753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76229.758753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76229.758753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     516102                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15449000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15449000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           11010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55772.563177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55772.563177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14895000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14895000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53772.563177                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53772.563177                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        3618007                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            3618007                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       516082                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           516082                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40379189000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  40379189000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      4134089                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        4134089                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124836                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124836                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78241.808472                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78241.808472                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516082                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       516082                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39347027000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39347027000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124836                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124836                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76241.812348                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76241.812348                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63155012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.530247                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 4143057                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                516102                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.027593                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.530247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               4661457                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              4661457                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63155012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63155012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63155012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        516232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            517121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       516232                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           517121                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54513000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37295340000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  37349853000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54513000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37295340000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  37349853000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       516359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          517318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       516359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         517318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61319.460067                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72245.308311                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72226.525320                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61319.460067                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72245.308311                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72226.525320                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         515641                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               515641                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       517121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516232                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       517121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52735000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36262878000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  36315613000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52735000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36262878000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  36315613000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59319.460067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70245.312185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70226.529188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59319.460067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70245.312185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70226.529188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    516845                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       516232                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           517121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54513000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37295340000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  37349853000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       516359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         517318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61319.460067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72245.308311                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72226.525320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       517121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52735000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36262878000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36315613000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59319.460067                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70245.312185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70226.529188                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       515930                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       515930                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       515930                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       515930                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63155012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.375223                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1032479                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               516845                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.997657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.165752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     1.007792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   510.201679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          433                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1550605                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1550605                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63155012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               517318                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              517317                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        515930                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1548647                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1550565                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     66066432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 66127808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3096968000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2581790000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63155012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63155012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63155012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  63155012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                76038743000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  89228                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34314632                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   108437                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    67.24                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1130796006                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000004                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7291686                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.076039                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 76038743000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            259686                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000004                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7291686                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       11010                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     4977113                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         19396                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9267328                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         76038732                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   76038732                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1301923                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1517951                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       257008                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                4714969                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       4714969                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4716633                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1701                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7298659                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7298659                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            17836273                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2062440                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       10962                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       4988074                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    4977112                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2310199     31.64%     31.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.00%     31.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.00%     31.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     31.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     31.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     31.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     31.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     31.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     31.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     31.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     31.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     31.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     31.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.01%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.01%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.01%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10592      0.15%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  264562      3.62%     35.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.01%     35.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            4712550     64.54%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7301380                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    73                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            157                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       620379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        621129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       620379                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       621129                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44456000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38178252000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  38222708000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44456000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38178252000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  38222708000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       620397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       621286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       620397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       621286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999747                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999747                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59274.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61540.206874                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61537.471282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59274.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61540.206874                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61537.471282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       489215                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           489215                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       621129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       621129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42956000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36937494000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  36980450000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42956000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36937494000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  36980450000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999971                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999747                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999971                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999747                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57274.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59540.206874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59537.471282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57274.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59540.206874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59537.471282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                490057                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       620379                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       621129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44456000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38178252000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  38222708000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       620397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       621286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999747                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59274.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61540.206874                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61537.471282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       621129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42956000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36937494000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36980450000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999747                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57274.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59540.206874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59537.471282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       619807                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       619807                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       619807                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       619807                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76038743000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        117654.139812                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             979461                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           490057                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998668                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   138.183446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 117515.956366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.896576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.897630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024       131072                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          729                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7277                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        72765                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        50219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1862222                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1862222                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76038743000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9266369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9266369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9266369                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9266369                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60929000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     60929000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60929000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     60929000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9267328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9267328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9267328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9267328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63533.889468                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63533.889468                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63533.889468                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63533.889468                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59011000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59011000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59011000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59011000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61533.889468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61533.889468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61533.889468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61533.889468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9266369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9266369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60929000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     60929000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9267328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9267328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63533.889468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63533.889468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59011000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59011000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61533.889468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61533.889468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76038743000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.831625                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   43294                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 60.806180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.831625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9268287                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9268287                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76038743000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              621129                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             621129                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       489215                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1731473                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1731473                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1731473                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     71062016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     71062016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                71062016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3067204000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3269810000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76038743000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           48000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        39704256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            39752256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     31309760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         31309760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              750                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           620379                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               621129                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        489215                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              489215                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             631257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          522158237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              522789494                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        631257                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            631257                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       411760621                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             411760621                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       411760621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            631257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         522158237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             934550115                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    489215.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       750.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    620379.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000099448500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         28728                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         28728                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1725426                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              460883                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       621129                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      489215                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     621129                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    489215                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              38909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              38869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              38874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              38858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              38988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              38853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              38725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              38719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              38725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              38724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             38757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             38807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             38788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             38806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             38907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             38820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              30594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              30610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              30632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              30602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              30655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              30596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              30483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              30464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              30464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              30531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             30529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             30592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             30592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             30594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             30654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             30592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       20.32                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5915117250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  3105645000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              17561286000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9523.17                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28273.17                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    559128                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   441445                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 90.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 621129                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                489215                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   621129                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   11684                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   17758                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   28728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   28729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   28730                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   28729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   28729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   28729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   28729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   28729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   28729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   28729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   28825                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   28729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   28729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   28729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   28728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   28728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       109739                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     647.527971                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    433.147072                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    414.697012                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         13367     12.18%     12.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        21575     19.66%     31.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4218      3.84%     35.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3475      3.17%     38.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3695      3.37%     42.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3219      2.93%     45.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3714      3.38%     48.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         3839      3.50%     52.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        52637     47.97%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        109739                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        28728                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       21.620510                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      17.021700                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     770.874483                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095         28727    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::126976-131071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          28728                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        28728                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.028126                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.004825                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.889503                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             10971     38.19%     38.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              5979     20.81%     59.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18             11777     40.99%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          28728                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                39752256                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 31307776                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 39752256                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              31309760                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        522.79                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        411.73                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     522.79                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     411.76                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    76038655000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       68482.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     39704256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     31307776                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 631257.147425490664                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 522158237.150237977505                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 411734528.541588306427                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          750                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       620379                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       489215                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     19451000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  17541835000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1467402106000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25934.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28276.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2999503.50                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             391750380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             208220265                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2215784760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1276540560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      6001959600.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       17928992610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       14100778560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         42124026735                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         553.981103                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  36067617250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2538900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  37432225750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             391793220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             208239240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2219076300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1276999920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      6001959600.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       17941735530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       14090047680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         42129851490                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         554.057706                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  36041308000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2538900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  37458535000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76038743000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76038743000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76038743000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          4357904                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              4357904                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         4357904                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             4357904                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         620525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             620525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        620525                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            620525                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  48726949000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  48726949000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  48726949000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  48726949000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      4978429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          4978429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      4978429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         4978429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78525.359977                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78525.359977                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78525.359977                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78525.359977                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          620096                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                620096                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        620525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620525                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       620525                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  47485901000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  47485901000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  47485901000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  47485901000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76525.363201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76525.363201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76525.363201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76525.363201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     620268                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15449000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15449000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           11010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55772.563177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55772.563177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14895000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14895000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53772.563177                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53772.563177                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        4347171                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            4347171                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       620248                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           620248                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  48711500000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  48711500000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      4967419                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        4967419                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124863                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124863                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78535.521275                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78535.521275                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       620248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  47471006000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  47471006000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124863                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124863                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76535.524500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76535.524500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76038743000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.609840                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 4976385                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                620268                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.022959                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.609840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               5598953                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              5598953                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76038743000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76038743000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76038743000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        620398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            621287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       620398                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           621287                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54513000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45002655000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  45057168000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54513000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45002655000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  45057168000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       620525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          621484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       620525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         621484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999795                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999795                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61319.460067                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72538.362471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72522.309335                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61319.460067                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72538.362471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72522.309335                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         619807                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               619807                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       621287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       621287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52735000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  43761861000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  43814596000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52735000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  43761861000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  43814596000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999795                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999795                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59319.460067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70538.365694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70522.312554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59319.460067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70538.365694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70522.312554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    621011                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       620398                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           621287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54513000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45002655000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  45057168000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       620525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         621484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999795                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61319.460067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72538.362471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72522.309335                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       621287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52735000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  43761861000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  43814596000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59319.460067                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70538.365694                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70522.312554                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       620096                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       620096                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       620096                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       620096                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76038743000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.481083                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1240811                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               621011                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998050                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.137667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.837035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   510.506380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1863103                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1863103                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76038743000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               621484                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              621483                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        620096                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1861145                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1863063                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     79399680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 79461056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3721964000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          3102620000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76038743000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76038743000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76038743000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  76038743000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                88923418000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  98589                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34314764                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   119715                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    71.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1252402413                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       8500013                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.088923                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 88923418000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            301352                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       8500013                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       11010                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     5812070                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         22650                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                    10813870                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         88923418                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   88923418                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1510253                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1767949                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       298674                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                5506633                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       5506633                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              5508297                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1701                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               8508613                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      8508613                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            20801099                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2395770                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       10962                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       5823032                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    5812070                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2685195     31.55%     31.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.00%     31.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.00%     31.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     31.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     31.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     31.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     31.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     31.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     31.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     31.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     31.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     31.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     31.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.01%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.01%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.01%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10592      0.12%     31.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  307856      3.62%     35.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.00%     35.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            5504214     64.67%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    8511334                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    73                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            157                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       724546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        725296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       724546                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       725296                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44456000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44740689000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  44785145000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44456000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44740689000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  44785145000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       724564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       725453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       724564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       725453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59274.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61749.963425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61747.403819                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59274.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61749.963425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61747.403819                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       593382                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           593382                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       725296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724546                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       725296                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42956000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  43291597000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  43334553000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42956000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  43291597000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  43334553000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999784                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999784                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57274.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59749.963425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59747.403819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57274.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59749.963425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59747.403819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                594224                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       724546                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       725296                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44456000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44740689000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  44785145000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       724564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       725453                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999784                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59274.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61749.963425                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61747.403819                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       725296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42956000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  43291597000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  43334553000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57274.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59749.963425                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59747.403819                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       723974                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       723974                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       723974                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       723974                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88923418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        119598.338220                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1449427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           725296                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998394                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   118.161175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 119480.177045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.911561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.912463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024       131072                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          726                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7275                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        72764                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        50226                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          2174723                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         2174723                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88923418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         10812911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total             10812911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        10812911                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total            10812911                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60929000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     60929000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60929000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     60929000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst     10813870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total         10813870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst     10813870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total        10813870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63533.889468                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63533.889468                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63533.889468                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63533.889468                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59011000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59011000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59011000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59011000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61533.889468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61533.889468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61533.889468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61533.889468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        10812911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            10812911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60929000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     60929000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst     10813870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        10813870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63533.889468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63533.889468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59011000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59011000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61533.889468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61533.889468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88923418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.856022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                10813870                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   959                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs              11276.193952                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.856022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses              10814829                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses             10814829                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88923418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              725296                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             725296                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       593382                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2043974                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2043974                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2043974                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     84395392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     84395392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                84395392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3692206000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3818075250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88923418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           48000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        46370944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            46418944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     37976448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         37976448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              750                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           724546                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               725296                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        593382                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              593382                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             539790                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          521470553                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              522010344                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        539790                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            539790                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       427069144                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             427069144                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       427069144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            539790                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         521470553                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             949079488                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    593382.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       750.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    724546.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000099448500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         34845                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         34845                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              2035793                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              559036                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       725296                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      593382                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     725296                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    593382                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              45437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              45397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              45402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              45380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              45388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              45253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              45234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              45247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              45253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              45252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             45285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             45335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             45316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             45334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             45435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             45348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              37122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              37138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              37160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              37107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              37055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              37009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              37010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              36992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              36992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              37059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             37057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             37120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             37120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             37122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             37182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             37120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       21.06                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    7059481750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  3626480000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              20658781750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9733.24                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28483.24                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    652280                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   535446                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 90.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 725296                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                593382                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   725296                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   14176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   21555                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   34844                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   34845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   34846                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   34845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   34845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   34845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   34845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   34845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   34845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   34845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   34961                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   34845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   34845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   34845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   34845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   34845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       130934                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     644.555089                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    429.788544                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    415.255324                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         16168     12.35%     12.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        25908     19.79%     32.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5041      3.85%     35.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4139      3.16%     39.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4441      3.39%     42.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3869      2.95%     45.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         4435      3.39%     48.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         4586      3.50%     52.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        62347     47.62%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        130934                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        34845                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       20.814866                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      17.019285                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     699.948710                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095         34844    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::126976-131071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          34845                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        34845                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.028699                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.005409                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.889280                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             13291     38.14%     38.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              7264     20.85%     58.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18             14289     41.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          34845                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                46418944                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 37975360                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 46418944                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              37976448                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        522.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        427.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     522.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     427.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    88923379000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       67433.73                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     46370944                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     37975360                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 539790.317101845983                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 521470553.459832131863                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 427056908.676182448864                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          750                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       724546                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       593382                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     19451000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  20639330750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1779191830250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25934.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28485.88                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2998391.98                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.07                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             467498640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             248481420                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2588664120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1549149840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      7019188800.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       20981103210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       16478295360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         49332381390                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         554.773787                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  42137164500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2969200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  43817053500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             467377260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             248413110                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2589949320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1548215460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      7019188800.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       20976571140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       16482111840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         49331826930                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         554.767552                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  42148463000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2969200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  43805755000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88923418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88923418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88923418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          5087068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              5087068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5087068                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             5087068                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         724691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             724691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        724691                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            724691                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  57060225000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  57060225000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  57060225000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  57060225000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      5811759                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          5811759                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      5811759                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         5811759                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78737.317008                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78737.317008                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78737.317008                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78737.317008                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          724263                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                724263                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        724691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       724691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55610843000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  55610843000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55610843000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  55610843000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76737.317008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76737.317008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76737.317008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76737.317008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     724435                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15449000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15449000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           11010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55772.563177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55772.563177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14895000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14895000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53772.563177                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53772.563177                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        5076335                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            5076335                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       724414                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           724414                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  57044776000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  57044776000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      5800749                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        5800749                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124883                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124883                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78746.098226                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78746.098226                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724414                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       724414                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55595948000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  55595948000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124883                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124883                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76746.098226                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76746.098226                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88923418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.666373                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 5811759                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                724691                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.019637                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.666373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               6536450                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              6536450                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88923418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88923418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88923418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        724564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            725453                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       724564                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           725453                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54513000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  52710929000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  52765442000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54513000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  52710929000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  52765442000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       724691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          725650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       724691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         725650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999729                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999729                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61319.460067                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72748.479085                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72734.473494                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61319.460067                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72748.479085                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72734.473494                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         723974                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               723974                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       725453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724564                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       725453                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52735000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51261801000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  51314536000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52735000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51261801000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  51314536000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999729                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999729                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59319.460067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70748.479085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70734.473494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59319.460067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70748.479085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70734.473494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    725178                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       724564                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           725453                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54513000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  52710929000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  52765442000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       724691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         725650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999729                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61319.460067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72748.479085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72734.473494                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       725453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52735000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51261801000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  51314536000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999729                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59319.460067                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70748.479085                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70734.473494                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       724263                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       724263                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       724263                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       724263                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88923418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.556272                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1449913                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               725690                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.997978                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.117720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.715752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   510.722800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.999133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              2175603                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             2175603                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88923418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               725650                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              725650                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        724263                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2173645                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 2175563                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     92733056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 92794432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           4346965000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          3623455000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88923418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88923418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88923418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  88923418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
