
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4911168000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  80864                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34264680                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   145916                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    12.37                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              397033596                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000238                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1804916                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004911                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4911168000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            205589                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000238                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1804916                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      210806                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           108                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      156161                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           132                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1332791                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          1091                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4911157                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4911157                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1099484                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              688493                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       162376                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  26245                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         26245                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                33752                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               10448                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       26892                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1784557                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1784557                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3577769                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1465302                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      210702                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        366860                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     156158                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 10807      0.60%      0.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1398896     77.50%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1046      0.06%     78.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     17600      0.98%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     477      0.03%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        8      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     2115      0.12%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       24      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     1900      0.11%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    5241      0.29%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      3      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   208981     11.58%     91.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  142263      7.88%     99.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                1721      0.10%     99.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              13895      0.77%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1804977                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    44                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        25197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         6173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           31370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        25197                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         6173                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          31370                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         4395                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          8777                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4395                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4382                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         8777                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    273666000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    263156000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    536822000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    273666000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    263156000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    536822000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        10555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        40147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        10555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        40147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.148520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.415159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.218622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.148520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.415159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.218622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62267.576792                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60053.856686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61162.356158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62267.576792                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60053.856686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61162.356158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         1138                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             1138                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         8777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         8777                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    264876000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    254392000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    519268000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    264876000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    254392000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    519268000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.148520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.415159                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.218622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.148520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.415159                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.218622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60267.576792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58053.856686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59162.356158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60267.576792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58053.856686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59162.356158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  3956                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        25197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         6173                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          31370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4395                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4382                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         8777                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    273666000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    263156000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    536822000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29592                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        40147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.148520                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.415159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.218622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62267.576792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60053.856686                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61162.356158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    264876000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    254392000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    519268000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.148520                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.415159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.218622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60267.576792                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58053.856686                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59162.356158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7796                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7796                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7796                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7796                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4911168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3345.904024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              16098                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             3956                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             4.069262                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    91.577231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1272.759461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1981.567333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.011179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.155366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.241891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.408436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5347                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          865                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4412                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.652710                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            57246                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           57246                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4911168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1292739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1292739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1292739                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1292739                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          40052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              40052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         40052                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             40052                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    985692000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    985692000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    985692000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    985692000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1332791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1332791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.030051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.030051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24610.306601                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24610.306601                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24610.306601                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24610.306601                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        40052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         40052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        40052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    905588000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    905588000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    905588000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    905588000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22610.306601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22610.306601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22610.306601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22610.306601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      39796                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1292739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1292739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         40052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             40052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    985692000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    985692000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1332791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.030051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24610.306601                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24610.306601                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        40052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    905588000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    905588000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030051                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030051                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22610.306601                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22610.306601                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4911168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               249.874033                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1321949                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 39796                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 33.218138                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   249.874033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.976070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.976070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1372843                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1372843                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4911168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                8777                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8777                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1138                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        18692                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        18692                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  18692                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       634560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       634560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  634560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            14467000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           46916750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4911168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          281280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          280448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              561728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       281280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         281280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        72832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            72832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4395                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4382                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 8777                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          1138                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                1138                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           57273545                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           57104135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              114377680                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      57273545                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          57273545                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        14829873                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              14829873                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        14829873                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          57273545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          57104135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             129207553                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1019.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4395.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4291.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002274924750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            59                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            59                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                19731                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 937                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         8777                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        1138                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       8777                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      1138                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      91                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    119                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 81                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 41                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 90                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                78                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.72                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      82196250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    43430000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                245058750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9463.07                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28213.07                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5710                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      750                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  65.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 73.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   8777                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  1138                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     8685                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3221                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     192.357653                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    129.112199                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    220.574769                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1486     46.13%     46.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1001     31.08%     77.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          307      9.53%     86.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          141      4.38%     91.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           75      2.33%     93.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           53      1.65%     95.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           22      0.68%     95.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           19      0.59%     96.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          117      3.63%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3221                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           59                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      146.728814                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      87.530343                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     259.770710                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              20     33.90%     33.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            18     30.51%     64.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           11     18.64%     83.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            6     10.17%     93.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      1.69%     94.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            1      1.69%     96.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            1      1.69%     98.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      1.69%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             59                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           59                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.881356                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.852508                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.001460                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                32     54.24%     54.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      5.08%     59.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                23     38.98%     98.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      1.69%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             59                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  555904                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     5824                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    63744                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   561728                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 72832                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        113.19                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         12.98                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     114.38                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      14.83                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4909068000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      495115.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       281280                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       274624                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        63744                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 57273544.704640530050                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 55918266.286146193743                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 12979397.161734236404                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4395                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4382                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1138                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    127054250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    118004500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 110697336500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28908.82                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26929.37                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  97273582.16                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     66.56                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              10245900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5445825                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             27017760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             2912760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      387223200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1185817740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         887305440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2505968625                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         510.259194                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2295198500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    163800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2452169500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              12759180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6777870                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             35000280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             2286360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      387223200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1492375140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         629151840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2565573870                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         522.395868                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1621345750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    163800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3126022250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4911168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4911168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4911168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           349171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               349171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          349694                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              349694                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          16904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              16904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         17212                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             17212                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    534382000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    534382000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    554955000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    554955000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       366075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           366075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       366906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          366906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.046176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.046911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31612.754378                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31612.754378                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32242.330932                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32242.330932                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            9172                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  9172                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         16904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        17212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    500576000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    500576000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    520533000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    520533000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29612.872693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29612.872693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30242.447130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30242.447130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      16955                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          198418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              198418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         11557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             11557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    255685000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    255685000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       209975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          209975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.055040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.055040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22123.821061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22123.821061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    232573000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    232573000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.055040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20123.994116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20123.994116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         150753                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             150753                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5347                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5347                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    278697000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    278697000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       156100                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         156100                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034254                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.034254                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52122.124556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52122.124556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5347                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5347                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    268003000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    268003000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034254                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034254                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50122.124556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50122.124556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           523                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               523                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          308                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             308                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     20573000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     20573000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          831                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           831                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.370638                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.370638                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66795.454545                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66795.454545                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          308                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          308                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     19957000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19957000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.370638                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.370638                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64795.454545                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64795.454545                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4911168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.820172                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  358750                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 16955                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 21.158950                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.820172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                384117                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               384117                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4911168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4911168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4911168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           10460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               17116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          10460                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6656                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              17116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         29592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         10556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             40148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        29592                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10556                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            40148                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    649572000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    391607000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1041179000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    649572000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    391607000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1041179000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        40052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        17212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           57264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        40052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        17212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          57264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.738840                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.613293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.701104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.738840                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.613293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.701104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21950.932685                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37098.048503                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25933.520972                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21950.932685                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37098.048503                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25933.520972                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7796                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7796                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    590388000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    370497000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    960885000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    590388000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    370497000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    960885000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.738840                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.613293                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.701104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.738840                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.613293                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.701104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19950.932685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35098.237969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23933.570788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19950.932685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35098.237969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23933.570788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     45706                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          10460                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              17116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        29592                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10556                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            40148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    649572000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    391607000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1041179000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        40052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        17212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          57264                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.738840                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.613293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.701104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21950.932685                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37098.048503                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25933.520972                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    590388000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    370497000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    960885000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.738840                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.613293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.701104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19950.932685                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35098.237969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23933.570788                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9172                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9172                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9172                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9172                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4911168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.103510                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  65597                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                45706                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.435195                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    95.870865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   234.028576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   177.204069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.187248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.457087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.346102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.990437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               112654                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              112654                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4911168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                57264                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               57263                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          9172                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        43595                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        80104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  123699                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1688512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2563328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  4251840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           200260000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            103124000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            86055000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4911168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4911168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4911168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4911168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 9261644000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  84869                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34293152                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   156007                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    21.46                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              431539941                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1821420                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3348195                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.009262                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  9261644000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            391924                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1821420                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3348195                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      414350                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           340                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      282943                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           153                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2439945                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          3222                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          9261644                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               9261643.999000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2031557                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1201957                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       307909                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  38128                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         38128                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                48256                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               15040                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       49674                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.001000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3318150                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3318150                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             6580871                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2695536                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      414226                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        697160                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     282934                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 15514      0.46%      0.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2598594     77.61%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     2176      0.06%     78.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     21134      0.63%     78.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     741      0.02%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       10      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     2857      0.09%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       24      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2444      0.07%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    7603      0.23%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      4      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   411642     12.29%     91.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  262269      7.83%     99.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2584      0.08%     99.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              20665      0.62%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3348261                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    94                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        49342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        17188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           66530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        49342                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        17188                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          66530                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         9856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         6681                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         16537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         9856                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6681                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        16537                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    622530000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    403970000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1026500000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    622530000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    403970000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1026500000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        59198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        23869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        83067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        59198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        23869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        83067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.166492                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.279903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.199080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.166492                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.279903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.199080                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63162.540584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60465.499177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62072.927375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63162.540584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60465.499177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62072.927375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         3273                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             3273                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        16537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9856                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6681                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        16537                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    602818000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    390608000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    993426000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    602818000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    390608000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    993426000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.166492                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.279903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.199080                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.166492                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.279903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.199080                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61162.540584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58465.499177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60072.927375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61162.540584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58465.499177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60072.927375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 11778                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        49342                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        17188                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          66530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         9856                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6681                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        16537                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    622530000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    403970000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1026500000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        59198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        83067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.166492                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.279903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.199080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63162.540584                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60465.499177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62072.927375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    602818000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    390608000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    993426000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.166492                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.279903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.199080                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61162.540584                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58465.499177                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60072.927375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        15661                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        15661                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        15661                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15661                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9261644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4531.688449                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              98728                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            18025                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             5.477282                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   116.864792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2036.090598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2378.733058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.014266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.248546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.290373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.553185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          766                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5359                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.762573                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           116753                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          116753                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9261644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2362685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2362685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2362685                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2362685                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          77260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              77260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         77260                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             77260                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2001811000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2001811000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2001811000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2001811000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2439945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2439945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2439945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2439945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031665                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.031665                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031665                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.031665                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25910.056951                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25910.056951                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25910.056951                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25910.056951                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        77260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         77260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        77260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        77260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1847291000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1847291000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1847291000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1847291000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23910.056951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23910.056951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23910.056951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23910.056951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      77004                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2362685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2362685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         77260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             77260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2001811000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2001811000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2439945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2439945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.031665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25910.056951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25910.056951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        77260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        77260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1847291000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1847291000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23910.056951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23910.056951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9261644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               252.751586                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2439945                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 77260                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 31.580960                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.751586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.987311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.987311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2517205                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2517205                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9261644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               16537                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              16537                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3273                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        36347                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        36347                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  36347                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1267840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1267840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1267840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            32902000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           88566500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9261644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          630784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          427584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1058368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       630784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         630784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       209472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           209472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             9856                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6681                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                16537                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          3273                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                3273                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           68107131                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           46167182                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              114274312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      68107131                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          68107131                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        22617151                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              22617151                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        22617151                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          68107131                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          46167182                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             136891463                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      2824.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      9856.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6350.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002274924750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           164                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           164                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                37966                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                2629                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        16537                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        3273                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      16537                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      3273                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     331                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    449                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                92                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.27                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     174344250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    81030000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                478206750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10758.01                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29508.01                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      9990                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2070                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  61.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 73.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  16537                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  3273                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    16204                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         6929                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     175.226440                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    122.478440                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    193.893740                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3317     47.87%     47.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2168     31.29%     79.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          688      9.93%     89.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          269      3.88%     92.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          156      2.25%     95.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           93      1.34%     96.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           50      0.72%     97.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           39      0.56%     97.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          149      2.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          6929                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          164                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       98.292683                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      64.723853                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     166.214437                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              82     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            48     29.27%     79.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           19     11.59%     90.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            9      5.49%     96.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            2      1.22%     97.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      0.61%     98.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            1      0.61%     98.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            1      0.61%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.61%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            164                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          164                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.030488                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.000997                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.005651                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                77     46.95%     46.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 8      4.88%     51.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                76     46.34%     98.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 3      1.83%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            164                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1037184                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    21184                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   178752                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1058368                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                209472                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        111.99                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         19.30                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     114.27                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      22.62                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     9261617000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      467522.31                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       630784                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       406400                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       178752                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 68107130.872229605913                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 43879898.644344352186                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 19300245.183252565563                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         9856                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6681                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         3273                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    293695250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    184511500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 215873075750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29798.63                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27617.35                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  65955721.28                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     63.37                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              21127260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              11218020                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             48537720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             6827760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      730806960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2426938020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1512734400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          4758190140                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         513.752217                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3908551750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    309140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5043952250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              28417200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              15077535                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             67173120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             7751700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      730806960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3007240770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1024058400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          4880525685                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         526.961054                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2633809750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    309140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6318694250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9261644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9261644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9261644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           656043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               656043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          659244                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              659244                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          36496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              36496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         37983                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             37983                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1008420000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1008420000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1056302000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1056302000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       692539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           692539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       697227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          697227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.052699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.052699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.054477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.054477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27630.973257                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27630.973257                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27809.862307                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27809.862307                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           18753                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 18753                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         36496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    935428000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    935428000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    980336000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    980336000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.052699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.054477                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054477                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25630.973257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25630.973257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25809.862307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25809.862307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      37727                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          382423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              382423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         27239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             27239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    621331000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    621331000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       409662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          409662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.066491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.066491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22810.345461                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22810.345461                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        27239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    566853000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    566853000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.066491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.066491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20810.345461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20810.345461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         273620                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             273620                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         9257                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             9257                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    387089000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    387089000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       282877                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         282877                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032724                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.032724                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41815.815059                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41815.815059                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9257                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9257                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    368575000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    368575000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032724                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032724                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39815.815059                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39815.815059                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          3201                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              3201                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1487                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1487                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     47882000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     47882000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4688                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          4688                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.317193                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.317193                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32200.403497                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32200.403497                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1487                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1487                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     44908000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44908000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.317193                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.317193                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30200.403497                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30200.403497                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9261644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.844104                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  697227                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 37983                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 18.356291                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.844104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                735210                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               735210                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9261644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9261644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9261644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           18062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           14114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               32176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          18062                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          14114                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              32176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         59198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         23869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             83067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        59198                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        23869                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            83067                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1372392000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    700905000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2073297000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1372392000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    700905000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2073297000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        77260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        37983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          115243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        77260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        37983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         115243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.766218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.628413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.720799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.766218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.628413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.720799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23183.080509                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29364.657087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24959.334032                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23183.080509                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29364.657087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24959.334032                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          15661                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                15661                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        59198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        83067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        59198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23869                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        83067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1253996000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    653167000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1907163000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1253996000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    653167000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1907163000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.766218                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.628413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.766218                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.628413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21183.080509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27364.657087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22959.334032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21183.080509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27364.657087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22959.334032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     95112                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          18062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          14114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              32176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        59198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        23869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            83067                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1372392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    700905000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2073297000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        77260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        37983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         115243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.766218                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.628413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.720799                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23183.080509                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29364.657087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24959.334032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        59198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        83067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1253996000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    653167000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1907163000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.766218                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.628413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720799                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21183.080509                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27364.657087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22959.334032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        18753                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        18753                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        18753                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        18753                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9261644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.403540                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 133996                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                95624                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.401280                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    79.149519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   280.512532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   149.741489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.154589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.547876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.292464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          277                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          165                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               229620                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              229620                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9261644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               115243                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              115243                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         18753                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        94719                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       154520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  249239                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3631104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4944640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  8575744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           386300000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            209008000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           189915000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9261644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9261644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9261644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   9261644000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
