
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 1120904000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 327393                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 706016                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   675574                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     0.16                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             6844043776                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                       53565                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        110624                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.001121                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1120904000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                             13544                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                       53565                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                        110624                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       12540                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            25                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                        8497                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            14                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                       71191                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           101                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          1120904                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               1120903.999000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads                65511                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes               33117                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        10106                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   1698                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          1698                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 2794                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1316                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        2955                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.001000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                109199                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                       109199                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads              204187                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes              87203                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       12526                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                         21020                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                       8494                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   345      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                     87946     79.50%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        5      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.04%     79.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      10      0.01%     79.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.01%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      666      0.60%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.01%     80.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      264      0.24%     80.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     300      0.27%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    12284     11.10%     92.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                    8342      7.54%     99.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 242      0.22%     99.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                152      0.14%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                     110628                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    12                       # Number of system calls
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests          661                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          184                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.tot_requests           2075                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              184                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          1280                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                994                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               285                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              285                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           994                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.DynamicCache.mem_side::system.mem_delay-slave         2559                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.DynamicCache.mem_side::total         2559                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   2559                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.DynamicCache.mem_side::system.mem_delay-slave        81856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.DynamicCache.mem_side::total        81856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   81856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              1279                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    1279    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                1279                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             1280000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy            6859250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1120904000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            70271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total                70271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           70271                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total               70271                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           920                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               920                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    619329000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    619329000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    619329000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    619329000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        71191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total            71191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        71191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total           71191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 673183.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 673183.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 673183.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 673183.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          920                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          920                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    617489000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    617489000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    617489000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    617489000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012923                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012923                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012923                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012923                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 671183.695652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 671183.695652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 671183.695652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 671183.695652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        488                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           70271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total               70271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    619329000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    619329000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        71191                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total           71191                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 673183.695652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 673183.695652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    617489000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    617489000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 671183.695652                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 671183.695652                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1120904000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               274.670834                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   71191                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   920                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 77.381522                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                729000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   274.670834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.536466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.536466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          432                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          304                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.843750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses                 72111                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses                72111                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1120904000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_delay.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1120904000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           53952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           27904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total               81856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        53952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          53952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              843                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data              436                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 1279                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           48132579                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           24894193                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               73026771                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      48132579                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          48132579                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          48132579                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          24894193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              73026771                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       843.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples       436.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000576000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 2843                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         1279                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       1279                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                 15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                 25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                 76                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                 98                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                 36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                 65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11                68                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12                32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13                54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15                89                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      18024750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                     6395000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 42006000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      14092.85                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 32842.85                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                       725                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  56.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   1279                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     1278                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          551                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     147.513612                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    117.266691                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    114.381798                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::64-127          251     45.55%     45.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-191          132     23.96%     69.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::192-255           57     10.34%     79.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-319           54      9.80%     89.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::320-383           20      3.63%     93.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-447           18      3.27%     96.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::448-511            8      1.45%     98.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-575            1      0.18%     98.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::576-639            4      0.73%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-703            6      1.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           551                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                   81856                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                    81856                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         73.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      73.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     1120157000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      875806.88                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        53952                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        27904                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 48132578.704331502318                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 24894192.544589009136                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          843                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data          436                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     27785500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     14220500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     32960.26                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     32615.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     56.68                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               2049180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1077780                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy              4840920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      87893520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         406250970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy          88321440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy           590433810                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         526.747884                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    225954750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     37180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    857769250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               1906380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1013265                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy              4291140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      87893520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         376206840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         113621760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy           584932905                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         521.840323                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    291971500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     37180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    791752500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1120904000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              51                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             73                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             51                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                124                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           847                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              1290                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          847                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          443                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             1290                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    613191000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    317182000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    930373000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    613191000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    317182000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    930373000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data          494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total            1414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data          494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total           1414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.920652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.896761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.912306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.920652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.896761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.912306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 723956.316411                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 715986.455982                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 721219.379845                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 723956.316411                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 715986.455982                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 721219.379845                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks              8                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                    8                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          847                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          443                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    596251000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    308322000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    904573000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    596251000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    308322000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    904573000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.920652                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.896761                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.912306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.920652                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.896761                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.912306                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 703956.316411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 695986.455982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 701219.379845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 703956.316411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 695986.455982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 701219.379845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                       168                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks          130                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total          130                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks          130                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          130                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks           74                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           74                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total                9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data          288                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total            288                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    206879000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    206879000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data          297                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total          297                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 718329.861111                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 718329.861111                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          288                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          288                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    201119000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    201119000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 698329.861111                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 698329.861111                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data           42                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          115                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.inst          847                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data          155                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1002                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    613191000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    110303000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    723494000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          920                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data          197                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1117                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.920652                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.786802                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.897046                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 723956.316411                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 711632.258065                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 722049.900200                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          847                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          155                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1002                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    596251000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    107203000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    703454000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.920652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.786802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.897046                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 703956.316411                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 691632.258065                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702049.900200                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1120904000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              612.820921                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                   2000                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 1299                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.539646                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle               708000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     2.805094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   378.275283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   231.740544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.092352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.056577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.149614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          888                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.276123                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                 3373                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses                3373                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1120904000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.l3Dram.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3Dram.demand_hits::.cpu.data                7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3Dram.demand_hits::total                    8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3Dram.overall_hits::.cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall hits
system.l3Dram.overall_hits::.cpu.data               7                       # number of overall hits
system.l3Dram.overall_hits::total                   8                       # number of overall hits
system.l3Dram.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3Dram.demand_misses::.cpu.data            436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3Dram.demand_misses::total               1282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3Dram.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           846                       # number of overall misses
system.l3Dram.overall_misses::.cpu.data           436                       # number of overall misses
system.l3Dram.overall_misses::total              1282                       # number of overall misses
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    578413000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    298662000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_latency::total    877075000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    578413000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    298662000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_latency::total    877075000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          847                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_accesses::.cpu.data          443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_accesses::total             1290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          847                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_accesses::.cpu.data          443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_accesses::total            1290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.998819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.984199                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_rate::total        0.993798                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.998819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.984199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_rate::total       0.993798                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 683703.309693                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 685004.587156                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 684145.865835                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 683703.309693                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 685004.587156                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 684145.865835                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3Dram.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3Dram.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3Dram.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3Dram.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3Dram.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_misses::total          1282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          436                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_misses::total         1282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    535267000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    276426000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    811693000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    535267000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    276426000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    811693000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.998819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.984199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993798                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.998819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.984199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993798                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 632703.309693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 634004.587156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 633145.865835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 632703.309693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 634004.587156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 633145.865835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.replacements                        108                       # number of replacements
system.l3Dram.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks            8                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3Dram.WritebackDirty_hits::total            8                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3Dram.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks            8                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            8                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks           82                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           82                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l3Dram.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_hits::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data          285                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_misses::total             285                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    194918000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    194918000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data          288                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_accesses::total           288                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.989583                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.989583                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 683922.807018                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 683922.807018                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          285                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          285                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    180383000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    180383000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.989583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 632922.807018                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 632922.807018                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.inst          846                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data          151                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          997                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    578413000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    103744000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    682157000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          847                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data          155                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1002                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.998819                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.974194                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.995010                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 683703.309693                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 687046.357616                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 684209.628887                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          846                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          151                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          997                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    535267000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     96043000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    631310000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.998819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.974194                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 632703.309693                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 636046.357616                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 633209.628887                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1120904000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3Dram.tags.tagsinuse               631.801215                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l3Dram.tags.total_refs                    1335                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3Dram.tags.sampled_refs                  1288                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l3Dram.tags.avg_refs                  1.036491                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3Dram.tags.warmup_cycle                657000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     2.064028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   386.344614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   243.392573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.047161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.029711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_percent::total        0.077124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          926                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.144043                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.tag_accesses                  2705                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l3Dram.tags.data_accesses                 2705                       # Number of data accesses
system.l3Dram.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1120904000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            20539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total                20539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           20539                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total               20539                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data            494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total                494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data           494                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total               494                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    320724000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    320724000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    320724000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    320724000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        21033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total            21033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        21033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total           21033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.023487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.023487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 649238.866397                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 649238.866397                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 649238.866397                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 649238.866397                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks             130                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                   130                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    319736000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    319736000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    319736000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    319736000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 647238.866397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 647238.866397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 647238.866397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 647238.866397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                        173                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           12343                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               12343                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    112171000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    112171000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        12540                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           12540                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.015710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 569395.939086                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 569395.939086                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    111777000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111777000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 567395.939086                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 567395.939086                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           8196                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               8196                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data          297                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total              297                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    208553000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    208553000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8493                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           8493                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034970                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.034970                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 702198.653199                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 702198.653199                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          297                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          297                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    207959000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    207959000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034970                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034970                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 700198.653199                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 700198.653199                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1120904000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               197.587060                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                   21033                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                   494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 42.576923                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               1464000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   197.587060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.385912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.385912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          321                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          246                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.626953                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                 21527                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses                21527                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1120904000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.DynamicCache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.DynamicCache.demand_hits::total              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.DynamicCache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.DynamicCache.overall_hits::total             3                       # number of overall hits
system.DynamicCache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          843                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.DynamicCache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.DynamicCache.demand_misses::total         1279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.DynamicCache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          843                       # number of overall misses
system.DynamicCache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          436                       # number of overall misses
system.DynamicCache.overall_misses::total         1279                       # number of overall misses
system.DynamicCache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    491731000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    254190000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.demand_miss_latency::total    745921000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    491731000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    254190000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.overall_miss_latency::total    745921000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.DynamicCache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data          436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.DynamicCache.demand_accesses::total         1282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.DynamicCache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.DynamicCache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data          436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.DynamicCache.overall_accesses::total         1282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.DynamicCache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.996454                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.DynamicCache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.DynamicCache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997660                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.DynamicCache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.996454                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.DynamicCache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.DynamicCache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997660                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.DynamicCache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 583310.794781                       # average overall miss latency
system.DynamicCache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 583004.587156                       # average overall miss latency
system.DynamicCache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 583206.411259                       # average overall miss latency
system.DynamicCache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 583310.794781                       # average overall miss latency
system.DynamicCache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 583004.587156                       # average overall miss latency
system.DynamicCache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 583206.411259                       # average overall miss latency
system.DynamicCache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.DynamicCache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.DynamicCache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.DynamicCache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.DynamicCache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.DynamicCache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.DynamicCache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          843                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          436                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1279                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    382141000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    197510000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    579651000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    382141000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    197510000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    579651000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.996454                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.DynamicCache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.DynamicCache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.DynamicCache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.996454                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.DynamicCache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.DynamicCache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.DynamicCache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 453310.794781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 453004.587156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453206.411259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 453310.794781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 453004.587156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453206.411259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.DynamicCache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.DynamicCache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data          285                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_misses::total          285                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    165848000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    165848000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data          285                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_accesses::total          285                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 581922.807018                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 581922.807018                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          285                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          285                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    128798000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    128798000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 451922.807018                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451922.807018                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.inst          843                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data          151                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          994                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    491731000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     88342000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    580073000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          846                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data          151                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          997                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.996454                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.996991                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 583310.794781                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 585046.357616                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 583574.446680                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          843                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          151                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          994                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    382141000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68712000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    450853000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.996454                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 453310.794781                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 455046.357616                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453574.446680                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1120904000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.DynamicCache.tags.tagsinuse         657.505525                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.DynamicCache.tags.total_refs              1367                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.DynamicCache.tags.sampled_refs            1279                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.DynamicCache.tags.avg_refs            1.068804                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.DynamicCache.tags.warmup_cycle          527000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.DynamicCache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   409.558955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.DynamicCache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   247.946570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.DynamicCache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.049995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.DynamicCache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.030267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.DynamicCache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.080262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.DynamicCache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1277                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.DynamicCache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.DynamicCache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.DynamicCache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1006                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.DynamicCache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.DynamicCache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.155884                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.DynamicCache.tags.tag_accesses            2647                       # Number of tag accesses
system.DynamicCache.tags.data_accesses           2647                       # Number of data accesses
system.DynamicCache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1120904000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp                1117                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           138                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::CleanEvict               801                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadExReq                297                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadExResp               297                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           1117                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1161                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         2328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                    3489                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        39936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                    98816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.snoops                               278                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bar.snoopTraffic                         512                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::samples               1692                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::mean              0.109338                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.312155                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::0                     1507     89.07%     89.07% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::1                      185     10.93%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::2                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::max_value                1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::total                 1692                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy              2335000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             2760000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy             1482000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1120904000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1120904000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1120904000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   1120904000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
