
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3590244000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 307470                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1279456                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   542063                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     3.25                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1103805759                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000006                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1763092                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003590                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3590244000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            268145                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000006                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1763092                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28133                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      133618                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           233                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1323480                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3590233                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3590233                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1413563                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              720016                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       230509                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  49627                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         49627                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                49964                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1725269                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1725269                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             2893107                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1324906                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28126                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        161742                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     133616                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      1.89%      1.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1566505     88.84%     90.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1084      0.06%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.01%     90.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     90.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.01%     90.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.01%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    27988      1.59%     92.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84602      4.80%     97.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.01%     97.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              49014      2.78%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1763193                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3590244000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3590244000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1322727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1322727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1322727                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1322727                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53501000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     53501000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53501000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     53501000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1323480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1323480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1323480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1323480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71050.464807                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71050.464807                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71050.464807                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71050.464807                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51995000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51995000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51995000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51995000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69050.464807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69050.464807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69050.464807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69050.464807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1322727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1322727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53501000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     53501000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1323480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1323480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71050.464807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71050.464807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51995000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51995000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69050.464807                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69050.464807                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3590244000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               233.299612                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  117158                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                228.378168                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   233.299612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.911327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.911327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1324233                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1324233                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3590244000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                8637                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8637                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7231                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        24505                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        24505                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  24505                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1015552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1015552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1015552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            44792000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           45610250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3590244000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           47424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          505344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              552768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        47424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          47424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       462784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           462784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              741                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7896                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 8637                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          7231                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                7231                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           13209130                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          140754779                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              153963909                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      13209130                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          13209130                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       128900431                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             128900431                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       128900431                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          13209130                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         140754779                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             282864340                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      7210.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       741.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7895.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001570342500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           442                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           442                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                25020                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                6746                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         8637                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        7231                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       8637                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      7231                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     21                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.33                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      73200750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    43180000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                235125750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8476.23                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27226.23                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      7555                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     6601                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  87.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   8637                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  7231                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     8636                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     440                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     444                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     444                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     443                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     443                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     443                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     443                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     444                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     444                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1663                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     608.634997                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    431.907890                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    398.115490                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           129      7.76%      7.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          325     19.54%     27.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          248     14.91%     42.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           66      3.97%     46.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           49      2.95%     49.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           53      3.19%     52.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           37      2.22%     54.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           56      3.37%     57.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          700     42.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1663                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          442                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       19.518100                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.543382                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      45.777445                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31             431     97.51%     97.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63              6      1.36%     98.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              1      0.23%     99.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             1      0.23%     99.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            1      0.23%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            1      0.23%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::928-959            1      0.23%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            442                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          442                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.253394                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.241191                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.648773                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               381     86.20%     86.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                10      2.26%     88.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                51     11.54%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            442                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  552704                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                       64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   459776                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   552768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                462784                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        153.95                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        128.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     153.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     128.90                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3590184000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      226253.09                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        47424                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       505280                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       459776                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 13209130.075838856399                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 140736952.697365432978                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 128062605.215690076351                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7896                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         7231                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     18973250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    216152500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  81012290750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25604.93                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27374.94                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  11203469.89                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     89.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               7075740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3760845                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             33001080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            21850920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      283349040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1232442030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         340808160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1922287815                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         535.419825                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    873237500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    119860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2597146500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               4805220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2550240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             28659960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            15649560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      283349040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         429630660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1016859840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1781504520                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         496.207088                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2637478500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    119860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    832905500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3590244000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3590244000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3590244000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           153719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               153719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          153719                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              153719                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           7833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               7833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          7931                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              7931                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    574790000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    574790000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    582078000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    582078000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       161552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           161552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       161650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          161650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.048486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.049063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.049063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73380.569386                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73380.569386                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73392.762577                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73392.762577                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            7490                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  7490                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          7833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7931                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7931                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    559126000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    559126000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    566218000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    566218000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.049063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71380.824716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71380.824716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71393.014752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71393.014752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       7674                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           27808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               27808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15840000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15840000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69779.735683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69779.735683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15386000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15386000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67779.735683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67779.735683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         125911                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             125911                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         7606                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             7606                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    558950000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    558950000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       133517                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         133517                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.056967                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.056967                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73488.035761                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73488.035761                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7606                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         7606                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    543740000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    543740000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.056967                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056967                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71488.298712                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71488.298712                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7288000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7288000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7092000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7092000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3590244000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               247.038447                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  159601                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  7674                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 20.797628                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                181000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   247.038447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.964994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                169580                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               169580                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3590244000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3590244000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3590244000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          7897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              8638                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7897                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             8638                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48858000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    534170000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    583028000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48858000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    534170000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    583028000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         7931                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total            8684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         7931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total           8684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995713                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.994703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995713                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.994703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65935.222672                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67642.142586                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67495.716601                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65935.222672                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67642.142586                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67495.716601                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7231                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7231                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8638                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47376000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    518378000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    565754000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47376000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    518378000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    565754000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995713                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995713                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63935.222672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65642.395847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65495.948136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63935.222672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65642.395847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65495.948136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      8954                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7897                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             8638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48858000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    534170000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    583028000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7931                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total           8684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995713                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.994703                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65935.222672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67642.142586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67495.716601                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47376000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    518378000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    565754000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995713                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994703                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63935.222672                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65642.395847                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65495.948136                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7490                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7490                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7490                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7490                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3590244000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              484.059644                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  15405                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 8954                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.720460                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    51.094573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    48.487367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   384.477704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.099794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.094702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.750933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.945429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          420                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                25640                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               25640                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3590244000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                 8684                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp                8683                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          7490                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        23351                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   24857                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       986880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1035072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             46134000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            39650000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3590244000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3590244000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3590244000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3590244000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                18924794000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 161432                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1280156                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   303737                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    12.39                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1527504269                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3763090                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.018925                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 18924794000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            411002                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3763090                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28133                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1278706                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          4697                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2754282                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         18924783                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   18924783                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2127848                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1291444                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       373366                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                1194715                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       1194715                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              1195052                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3727499                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3727499                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7471227                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2039191                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28126                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1306830                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1278704                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      0.89%      0.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2423647     64.37%     65.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1084      0.03%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    27988      0.74%     66.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84602      2.25%     68.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            1194102     31.71%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3765423                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18924794000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18924794000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2753529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2753529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2753529                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2753529                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53501000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     53501000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53501000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     53501000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2754282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2754282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2754282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2754282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71050.464807                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71050.464807                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71050.464807                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71050.464807                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51995000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51995000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51995000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51995000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69050.464807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69050.464807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69050.464807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69050.464807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2753529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2753529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53501000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     53501000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2754282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2754282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71050.464807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71050.464807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51995000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51995000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69050.464807                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69050.464807                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18924794000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               238.728862                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  117158                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                228.378168                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   238.728862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.932535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.932535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2755035                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2755035                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18924794000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              151494                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             151494                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       150088                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       453076                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       453076                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 453076                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     19301248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     19301248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19301248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           901934000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          798085750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18924794000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           47424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         9648192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             9695616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        47424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          47424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      9605632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          9605632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              741                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           150753                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               151494                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        150088                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              150088                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            2505919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          509817544                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              512323463                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       2505919                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           2505919                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       507568642                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             507568642                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       507568642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           2505919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         509817544                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1019892106                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    150067.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       741.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    150752.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001570342500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          9329                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          9329                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               448351                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              140869                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       151494                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      150088                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     151494                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    150088                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     21                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               9424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               9341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               9342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               9241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               9323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               9441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               9599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               9480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               9611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               9514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              9532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              9498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              9484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              9493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              9532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              9638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               9323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               9220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               9251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               9230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               9285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               9420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               9477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               9472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               9473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               9477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              9472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              9463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              9344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              9354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              9346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              9430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.31                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1257967500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   757465000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               4098461250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8303.80                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27053.80                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    139992                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   139316                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  92.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 151494                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                150088                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   151493                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    9327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    9422                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    9408                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    9330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    9330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    9330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    9330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    9333                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    9331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    9330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    9332                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    9330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    9330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    9329                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    9329                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    9329                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        22220                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     868.475968                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    771.678772                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    286.511641                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           360      1.62%      1.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1243      5.59%      7.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          783      3.52%     10.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          735      3.31%     14.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1215      5.47%     19.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          655      2.95%     22.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          568      2.56%     25.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          696      3.13%     28.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        15965     71.85%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         22220                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9329                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.237539                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.094119                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       9.984022                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31            9318     99.88%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63              6      0.06%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::928-959            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           9329                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9329                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.082860                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.078883                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.370860                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              8809     94.43%     94.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               301      3.23%     97.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               185      1.98%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                34      0.36%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           9329                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 9695552                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                       64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  9602368                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  9695616                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               9605632                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        512.32                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        507.40                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     512.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     507.57                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    18924734000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       62751.54                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        47424                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      9648128                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      9602368                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2505918.954784923699                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 509814162.310036182404                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 507396170.336120903492                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       150753                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       150088                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     18973250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   4079488000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 462807183500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25604.93                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27060.74                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3083572.19                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.62                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              80532060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              42800010                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            544796280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           393373980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1493575200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5663697840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2497691520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10716466890                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         566.265973                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6389757750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    631800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  11903236250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              78133020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              41524890                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            536863740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           389819160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1493575200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4873733700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3162924480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10576574190                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         558.873940                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8125801000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    631800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  10167193000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18924794000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18924794000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18924794000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1153718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1153718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1153718                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1153718                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         150690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             150690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        150788                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            150788                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11047738000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  11047738000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11055026000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  11055026000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1304408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1304408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1304506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1304506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.115524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.115524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.115590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.115590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73314.340699                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73314.340699                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73315.025068                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73315.025068                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          150347                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                150347                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        150690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150788                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       150788                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10746360000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10746360000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10753452000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10753452000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.115524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.115524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.115590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.115590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71314.353972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71314.353972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71315.038332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71315.038332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     150531                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           27808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               27808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15840000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15840000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69779.735683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69779.735683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15386000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15386000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67779.735683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67779.735683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1125910                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1125910                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       150463                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           150463                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11031898000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  11031898000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1276373                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1276373                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.117883                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.117883                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73319.673275                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73319.673275                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       150463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10730974000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10730974000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.117883                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117883                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71319.686567                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71319.686567                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7288000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7288000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7092000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7092000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18924794000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.299894                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1302457                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                150531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.652417                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                181000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.299894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1455293                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1455293                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18924794000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18924794000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18924794000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        150754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            151495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       150754                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           151495                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48858000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10149976000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  10198834000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48858000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10149976000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  10198834000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       150788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          151541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       150788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         151541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65935.222672                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67328.070897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67321.258127                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65935.222672                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67328.070897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67321.258127                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         150088                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               150088                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       151495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150754                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       151495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47376000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   9848470000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9895846000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47376000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   9848470000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9895846000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999775                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999775                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63935.222672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65328.084164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65321.271329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63935.222672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65328.084164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65321.271329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    151811                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       150754                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           151495                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48858000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10149976000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10198834000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       150788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         151541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65935.222672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67328.070897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67321.258127                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       151495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47376000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   9848470000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9895846000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63935.222672                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65328.084164                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65321.271329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       150347                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       150347                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       150347                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       150347                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18924794000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              506.699404                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 301119                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               151811                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.983512                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     9.693209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     9.198593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   487.807602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.018932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.017966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.952749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.989647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          418                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               454211                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              454211                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18924794000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               151541                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              151540                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        150347                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       451922                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  453428                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     19272576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 19320768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            903276000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           753935000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18924794000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18924794000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18924794000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  18924794000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                34260481000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 131781                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1280428                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   253152                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    22.77                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1504940338                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000004                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5763088                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.034260                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 34260481000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            553859                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000004                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5763088                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28133                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     2423794                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          9161                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     4185084                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         34260470                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   34260470                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2842133                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1862872                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       516223                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2339803                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2339803                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              2340140                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5729729                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5729729                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            12049347                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2753476                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28126                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2451918                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    2423792                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      0.58%      0.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3280789     56.88%     57.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1084      0.02%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    27988      0.49%     57.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84602      1.47%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            2339190     40.56%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5767653                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34260481000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34260481000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          4184331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              4184331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4184331                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             4184331                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53501000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     53501000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53501000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     53501000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      4185084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          4185084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      4185084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         4185084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71050.464807                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71050.464807                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71050.464807                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71050.464807                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51995000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51995000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51995000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51995000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69050.464807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69050.464807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69050.464807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69050.464807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4184331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             4184331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53501000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     53501000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      4185084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4185084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71050.464807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71050.464807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51995000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51995000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69050.464807                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69050.464807                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34260481000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               239.297849                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  117158                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                228.378168                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   239.297849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.934757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.934757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4185837                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4185837                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34260481000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              294351                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             294351                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       292945                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       881647                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       881647                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 881647                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     37586944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     37586944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                37586944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1759076000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         1550558750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34260481000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           47424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        18791040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            18838464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        47424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          47424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     18748480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         18748480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              741                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           293610                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               294351                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        292945                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              292945                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1384219                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          548475662                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              549859881                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1384219                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1384219                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       547233414                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             547233414                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       547233414                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1384219                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         548475662                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1097093295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    292924.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       741.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    293609.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001570342500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         18217                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         18217                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               871685                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              274997                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       294351                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      292945                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     294351                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    292945                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     21                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              18363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              18301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              18302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              18201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              18283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              18401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              18559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              18440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              18571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              18474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             18492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             18458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             18346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             18325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             18364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             18470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              18283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              18180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              18211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              18190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              18245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              18380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              18437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              18430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              18308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              18309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             18304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             18304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             18304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             18314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             18306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             18390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.52                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    2443873750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1471750000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               7962936250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8302.61                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27052.61                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    272425                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   272030                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  92.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 294351                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                292945                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   294350                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     973                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   18215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   18398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   18371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   18218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   18218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   18218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   18218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   18221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   18219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   18218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   18220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   18218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   18217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   18217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   18217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   18217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        42789                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     878.338638                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    789.084652                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    276.451037                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           584      1.36%      1.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2177      5.09%      6.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1282      3.00%      9.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1440      3.37%     12.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2426      5.67%     18.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1230      2.87%     21.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1091      2.55%     23.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1331      3.11%     27.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        31228     72.98%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         42789                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        18217                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.157271                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.082730                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       7.147554                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           18206     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63              6      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::928-959            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          18217                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        18217                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.078114                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.074399                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.358399                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             17242     94.65%     94.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               593      3.26%     97.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               316      1.73%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                66      0.36%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          18217                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                18838400                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                       64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 18745280                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 18838464                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              18748480                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        549.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        547.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     549.86                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     547.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    34260421000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       58335.87                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        47424                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     18790976                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     18745280                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1384218.744622995611                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 548473794.048600792885                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 547140012.424227118492                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       293610                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       292945                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     18973250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   7943963000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 844619948500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25604.93                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27056.17                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2883203.16                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.71                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             153717060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              81698760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1053150000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           764933580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2704416000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       10095019200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4654956000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         19507890600                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         569.399204                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11907208750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1144000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  21209272250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             151803540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              80685495                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1048509000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           763978320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2704416000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        9323486010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5304668160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         19377546525                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         565.594702                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13602624000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1144000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  19513857000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34260481000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34260481000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34260481000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2153717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2153717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2153717                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2153717                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         293547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             293547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        293645                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            293645                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  21521823000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21521823000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  21529111000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21529111000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2447264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2447264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2447362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2447362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.119949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.119949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.119984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.119984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73316.446770                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73316.446770                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73316.797494                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73316.797494                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          293204                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                293204                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        293547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293645                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       293645                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20934731000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20934731000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20941823000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20941823000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.119949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.119984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71316.453583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71316.453583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71316.804305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71316.804305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     293388                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           27808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               27808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15840000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15840000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69779.735683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69779.735683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15386000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15386000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67779.735683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67779.735683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        2125909                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            2125909                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       293320                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           293320                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  21505983000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  21505983000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      2419229                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        2419229                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121245                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.121245                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73319.183827                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73319.183827                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293320                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       293320                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20919345000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20919345000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121245                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121245                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71319.190645                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71319.190645                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7288000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7288000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7092000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7092000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34260481000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.060896                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2445313                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                293388                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.334741                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                181000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.060896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2741006                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2741006                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34260481000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34260481000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34260481000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        293611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            294352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       293611                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           294352                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48858000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19766919000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  19815777000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48858000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19766919000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  19815777000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       293645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          294398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       293645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         294398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65935.222672                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67323.496054                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67320.001223                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65935.222672                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67323.496054                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67320.001223                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         292945                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               292945                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       294352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       294352                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47376000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19179699000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19227075000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47376000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19179699000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19227075000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63935.222672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65323.502866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65320.008018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63935.222672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65323.502866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65320.008018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    294668                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       293611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           294352                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48858000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19766919000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19815777000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       293645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         294398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999884                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65935.222672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67323.496054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67320.001223                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       294352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47376000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19179699000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19227075000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63935.222672                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65323.502866                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65320.008018                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       293204                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       293204                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       293204                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       293204                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34260481000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.072058                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 586833                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               294668                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.991506                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     5.354332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     5.081116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   498.636610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.010458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.009924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.973900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          420                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               882782                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              882782                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34260481000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               294398                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              294397                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        293204                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       880493                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  881999                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     37558272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 37606464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1760418000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1468220000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34260481000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34260481000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34260481000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  34260481000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                49595870000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 115946                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1280428                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   225023                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    34.50                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1437597610                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000003                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7763086                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.049596                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 49595870000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            696716                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7763086                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28133                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     3568882                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         13625                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5615886                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         49595859                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   49595859                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3556418                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2434300                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       659080                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                3484891                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       3484891                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              3485228                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7731959                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7731959                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            16627467                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3467761                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28126                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       3597006                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    3568880                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4137931     53.26%     53.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1084      0.01%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    27988      0.36%     54.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84602      1.09%     55.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.00%     55.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            3484278     44.84%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7769883                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49595870000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49595870000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5615133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5615133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5615133                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5615133                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53501000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     53501000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53501000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     53501000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5615886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5615886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5615886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5615886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71050.464807                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71050.464807                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71050.464807                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71050.464807                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51995000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51995000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51995000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51995000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69050.464807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69050.464807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69050.464807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69050.464807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5615133                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5615133                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53501000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     53501000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5615886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5615886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71050.464807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71050.464807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51995000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51995000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69050.464807                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69050.464807                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49595870000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               239.514959                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  117158                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                228.378168                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   239.514959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.935605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.935605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5616639                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5616639                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49595870000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              437208                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             437208                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       435802                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1310218                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1310218                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1310218                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     55872640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     55872640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                55872640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          2616218000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         2303035250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49595870000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           47424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        27933888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            27981312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        47424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          47424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     27891328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         27891328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              741                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           436467                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               437208                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        435802                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              435802                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             956209                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          563230124                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              564186332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        956209                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            956209                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       562371988                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             562371988                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       562371988                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            956209                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         563230124                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1126558320                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    435781.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       741.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    436466.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001570342500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         27105                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         27105                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1295021                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              409121                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       437208                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      435802                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     437208                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    435802                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     21                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              27323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              27261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              27262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              27161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              27243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              27361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              27519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              27400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              27442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              27306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             27324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             27290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             27276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             27285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             27324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             27430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              27243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              27140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              27171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              27150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              27087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              27212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              27269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              27264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              27265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              27269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             27264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             27264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             27264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             27274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             27266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             27350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    3629478500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2186035000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              11827109750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8301.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27051.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    404864                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   404744                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  92.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 437208                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                435802                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   437207                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    1428                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   27103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   27374                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   27333                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   27106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   27106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   27106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   27106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   27109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   27107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   27106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   27108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   27106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   27105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   27105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   27105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   27105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        63347                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     881.925395                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    795.374242                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    272.742849                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           803      1.27%      1.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3126      4.93%      6.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1781      2.81%      9.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2121      3.35%     12.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3621      5.72%     18.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1812      2.86%     20.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1608      2.54%     23.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1984      3.13%     26.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        46491     73.39%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         63347                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        27105                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.129681                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.078848                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       5.861821                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           27094     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63              6      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::928-959            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          27105                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        27105                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.076443                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.072823                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.353846                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             25675     94.72%     94.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               886      3.27%     97.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               446      1.65%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                98      0.36%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          27105                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                27981248                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                       64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 27888128                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 27981312                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              27891328                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        564.19                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        562.31                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     564.19                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     562.37                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    49595810000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       56810.13                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        47424                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     27933824                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     27888128                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 956208.652051067911                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 563228833.368584871292                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 562307466.327337384224                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       436467                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       435802                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     18973250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  11808136500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1226426660000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25604.93                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27053.90                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2814183.18                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.74                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             227101980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             120703770                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1561353780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1139087520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      3914642160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       14525475300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6812834880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         28301199390                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         570.636212                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17426288000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1655940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  30513642000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             225224160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             119698095                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1560304200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1135537920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      3914642160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       13764766410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        7453431840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         28173604785                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         568.063526                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  19098057500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1655940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  28841872500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49595870000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49595870000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49595870000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          3153716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              3153716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3153716                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             3153716                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         436404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             436404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        436502                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            436502                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31995610000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  31995610000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32002898000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  32002898000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      3590120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          3590120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      3590218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3590218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.121557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.121581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73316.491141                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73316.491141                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73316.727071                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73316.727071                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          436061                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                436061                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        436404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436502                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       436502                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31122804000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31122804000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31129896000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31129896000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71316.495724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71316.495724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71316.731653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71316.731653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     436245                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           27808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               27808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15840000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15840000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69779.735683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69779.735683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15386000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15386000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67779.735683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67779.735683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        3125908                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            3125908                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       436177                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           436177                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31979770000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  31979770000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      3562085                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        3562085                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122450                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.122450                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73318.331778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73318.331778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436177                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       436177                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31107418000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31107418000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122450                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122450                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71318.336363                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71318.336363                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7288000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7288000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7092000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7092000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49595870000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.351273                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 3588169                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                436245                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.225123                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                181000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.351273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               4026719                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              4026719                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49595870000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49595870000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49595870000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        436468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            437209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       436468                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           437209                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48858000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29383564000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  29432422000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48858000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29383564000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  29432422000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       436502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          437255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       436502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         437255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65935.222672                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67321.233172                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67318.884103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65935.222672                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67321.233172                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67318.884103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         435802                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               435802                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       437209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       437209                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47376000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28510630000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28558006000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47376000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28510630000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28558006000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63935.222672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65321.237754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65318.888678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63935.222672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65321.237754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65318.888678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    437525                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       436468                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           437209                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48858000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29383564000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  29432422000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       436502                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         437255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65935.222672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67321.233172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67318.884103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       437209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47376000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28510630000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28558006000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999895                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63935.222672                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65321.237754                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65318.888678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       436061                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       436061                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       436061                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       436061                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49595870000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.977398                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 872547                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               437525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.994279                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     3.698735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     3.509999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   502.768664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.007224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.006855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.981970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          418                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1311353                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1311353                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49595870000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               437255                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              437254                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        436061                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1309064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1310570                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     55843968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 55892160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           2617560000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2182505000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49595870000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49595870000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49595870000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  49595870000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                64930981000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 114099                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1280560                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   222791                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    43.82                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1481706611                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9763084                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.064931                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 64930981000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            839573                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9763084                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28133                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     4713970                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         18089                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7046688                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         64930970                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   64930970                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4270703                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3005728                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       801937                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                4629979                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       4629979                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4630316                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9734189                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9734189                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            21205587                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4182046                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28126                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       4742094                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    4713968                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      0.34%      0.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4995073     51.12%     51.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1084      0.01%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    27988      0.29%     51.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84602      0.87%     52.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.00%     52.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            4629366     47.37%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9772113                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64930981000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64930981000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7045935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7045935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7045935                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7045935                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53501000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     53501000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53501000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     53501000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7046688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7046688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7046688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7046688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71050.464807                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71050.464807                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71050.464807                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71050.464807                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51995000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51995000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51995000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51995000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69050.464807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69050.464807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69050.464807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69050.464807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7045935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7045935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53501000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     53501000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7046688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7046688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71050.464807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71050.464807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51995000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51995000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69050.464807                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69050.464807                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64930981000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               239.629514                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  117158                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                228.378168                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   239.629514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.936053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.936053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7047441                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7047441                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64930981000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              580065                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             580065                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       578659                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1738789                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1738789                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1738789                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     74158336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     74158336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                74158336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3473360000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         3055512500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              4.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64930981000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           47424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        37076736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            37124160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        47424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          47424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     37034176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         37034176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              741                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           579324                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               580065                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        578659                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              578659                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             730376                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          571017647                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              571748023                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        730376                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            730376                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       570362182                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             570362182                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       570362182                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            730376                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         571017647                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1142110205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    578638.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       741.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    579323.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001570342500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         35992                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         35992                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1718357                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              543250                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       580065                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      578659                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     580065                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    578659                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     21                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              36283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              36221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              36222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              36121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              36123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              36193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              36351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              36232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              36363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              36266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             36284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             36250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             36236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             36245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             36284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             36390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              36097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              35972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              36003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              35982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              36037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              36172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              36229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              36225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              36229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             36224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             36234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             36226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             36310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.64                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    4814804500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2900320000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              15691004500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8300.47                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27050.47                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    537298                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   537460                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  92.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 580065                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                578659                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   580064                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    1894                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   35990                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   36354                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   36294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   35993                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   35993                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   35993                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   35993                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   35996                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   35994                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   35992                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   35994                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   35992                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   35992                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   35992                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   35992                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   35992                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        83917                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     883.665527                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    798.472521                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    270.887396                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1027      1.22%      1.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4078      4.86%      6.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2278      2.71%      8.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2805      3.34%     12.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4817      5.74%     17.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2391      2.85%     20.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2145      2.56%     23.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2621      3.12%     26.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        61755     73.59%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         83917                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        35992                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.116220                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.077369                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       5.088822                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           35981     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63              6      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::928-959            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          35992                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        35992                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.076128                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.072524                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.353024                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             34096     94.73%     94.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              1185      3.29%     98.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               578      1.61%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19               133      0.37%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          35992                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                37124096                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                       64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 37031168                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 37124160                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              37034176                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        571.75                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        570.32                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     571.75                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     570.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    64930921000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       56036.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        47424                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     37076672                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     37031168                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 730375.535216386197                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 571016661.522486448288                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 570315855.846995472908                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       579324                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       578659                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     18973250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  15672031250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1608231947750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25604.93                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27052.27                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2779239.50                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.76                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             300765360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             159860580                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2072870520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1513257120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      5125482960.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       18977328630                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        8952588480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         37102153650                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         571.409104                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  22898068250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2168140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  39864772750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             298409160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             158604435                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2068786440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1507097520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      5125482960.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       18191421750                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        9614404800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         36964207065                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         569.284593                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  24625181000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2168140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  38137660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64930981000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64930981000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64930981000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          4153715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              4153715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         4153715                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             4153715                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         579261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             579261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        579359                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            579359                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42469119000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42469119000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42476407000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42476407000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      4732976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          4732976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      4733074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         4733074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.122388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.122406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73316.033705                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73316.033705                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73316.211537                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73316.211537                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          578918                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                578918                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        579261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       579359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41310599000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  41310599000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41317691000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  41317691000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71316.037158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71316.037158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71316.214989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71316.214989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     579102                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           27808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               27808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15840000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15840000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69779.735683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69779.735683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15386000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15386000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67779.735683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67779.735683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        4125907                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            4125907                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       579034                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           579034                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42453279000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  42453279000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      4704941                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        4704941                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123069                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.123069                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73317.420048                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73317.420048                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579034                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       579034                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41295213000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41295213000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123069                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123069                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71317.423502                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71317.423502                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7288000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7288000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7092000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7092000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64930981000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.504487                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 4731025                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                579102                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.169588                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                181000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.504487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          165                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               5312432                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              5312432                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64930981000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64930981000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64930981000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        579325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            580066                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       579325                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           580066                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48858000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38999931000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  39048789000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48858000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38999931000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  39048789000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       579359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          580112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       579359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         580112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65935.222672                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67319.606439                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67317.837970                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65935.222672                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67319.606439                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67317.837970                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         578659                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               578659                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       580066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       580066                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47376000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37841283000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37888659000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47376000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37841283000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37888659000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999941                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999941                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63935.222672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65319.609891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65317.841418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63935.222672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65319.609891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65317.841418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    580382                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       579325                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           580066                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48858000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38999931000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  39048789000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       579359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         580112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999941                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65935.222672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67319.606439                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67317.837970                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       580066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47376000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37841283000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37888659000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999941                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63935.222672                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65319.609891                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65317.841418                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       578918                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       578918                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       578918                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       578918                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64930981000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.455087                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1158261                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               580382                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.995687                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     2.825184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     2.681023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   504.948880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.005518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.005236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.986228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          421                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1739924                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1739924                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64930981000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               580112                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              580111                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        578918                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1737635                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1739141                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     74129664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 74177856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3474702000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2896790000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64930981000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64930981000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64930981000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  64930981000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                80266228000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 110852                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1280692                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   217325                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    54.13                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1482929134                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11763082                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.080266                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 80266228000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            982430                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11763082                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28133                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     5859058                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         22553                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     8477490                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         80266217                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   80266217                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4984988                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3577156                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       944794                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                5775067                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       5775067                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              5775404                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11736419                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11736419                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            25783707                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4896331                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28126                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       5887182                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    5859056                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      0.28%      0.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5852215     49.70%     49.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1084      0.01%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    27988      0.24%     50.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84602      0.72%     50.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.00%     50.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            5774454     49.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11774343                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  80266228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  80266228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8476737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8476737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8476737                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8476737                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53501000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     53501000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53501000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     53501000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      8477490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          8477490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      8477490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         8477490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71050.464807                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71050.464807                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71050.464807                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71050.464807                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51995000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51995000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51995000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51995000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69050.464807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69050.464807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69050.464807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69050.464807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8476737                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8476737                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53501000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     53501000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      8477490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8477490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71050.464807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71050.464807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51995000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51995000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69050.464807                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69050.464807                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  80266228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               239.700297                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  117158                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                228.378168                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   239.700297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.936329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.936329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               8478243                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              8478243                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  80266228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              722922                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             722922                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       721516                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2167360                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      2167360                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2167360                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     92444032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     92444032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                92444032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          4330502000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         3807986500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              4.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  80266228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           47424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        46219584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            46267008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        47424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          47424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     46177024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         46177024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              741                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           722181                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               722922                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        721516                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              721516                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             590834                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          575828529                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              576419363                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        590834                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            590834                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       575298294                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             575298294                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       575298294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            590834                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         575828529                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1151717656                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    721495.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       741.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    722180.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001570342500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         44879                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         44879                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              2141690                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              677371                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       722922                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      721516                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     722922                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    721516                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     21                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              45172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              45053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              45054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              44953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              45035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              45153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              45311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              45192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              45323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              45226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             45244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             45210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             45196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             45205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             45244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             45350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              45035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              44932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              44963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              44942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              44997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              45132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              45189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              45184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              45185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              45189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             45184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             45184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             45081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             45066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             45058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             45142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.67                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    6000269750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  3614605000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              19555038500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8300.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27050.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    669733                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   670168                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  92.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 722922                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                721516                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   722921                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    2357                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   44877                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   45331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   45255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   44880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   44880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   44880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   44880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   44883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   44881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   44880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   44882                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   44880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   44880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   44880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   44880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   44879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       104480                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     884.756508                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    800.465357                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    269.672860                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1248      1.19%      1.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5017      4.80%      6.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2784      2.66%      8.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3490      3.34%     12.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         6009      5.75%     17.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2986      2.86%     20.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2674      2.56%     23.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         3254      3.11%     26.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        77018     73.72%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        104480                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        44879                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.107890                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.076284                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       4.558872                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           44868     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63              6      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::928-959            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          44879                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        44879                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.075737                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.072160                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.351715                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             42520     94.74%     94.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              1484      3.31%     98.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               710      1.58%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19               165      0.37%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          44879                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                46266944                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                       64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 46173632                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 46267008                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              46177024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        576.42                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        575.26                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     576.42                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     575.30                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          9.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    80266168000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       55569.13                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        47424                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     46219520                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     46173632                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 590833.793759437744                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 575827731.683118343353                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 575256034.206565737724                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       722181                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       721516                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     18973250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  19536065250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1990021035000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25604.93                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27051.48                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2758110.75                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.76                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             374185980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             198876975                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2584665720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1884884580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      6335709120.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       23423509890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       11097170880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         45899003145                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         571.834560                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  28382616500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2680080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  49203531500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             371822640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             197624625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2576990220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1881152280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      6335709120.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       22618368360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       11775184800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         45756852045                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         570.063565                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  30151866500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2680080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  47434281500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  80266228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  80266228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  80266228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          5153714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              5153714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5153714                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             5153714                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         722118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             722118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        722216                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            722216                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  52942764000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  52942764000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  52950052000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  52950052000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      5875832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          5875832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      5875930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         5875930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.122896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.122911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73315.945593                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73315.945593                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73316.088262                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73316.088262                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          721775                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                721775                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       722118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        722118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       722216                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       722216                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51498530000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  51498530000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51505622000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  51505622000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122896                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122896                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71315.948363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71315.948363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71316.091031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71316.091031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     721959                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           27808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               27808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15840000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15840000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69779.735683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69779.735683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15386000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15386000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67779.735683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67779.735683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        5125906                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            5125906                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       721891                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           721891                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  52926924000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  52926924000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      5847797                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        5847797                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123447                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.123447                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73317.057561                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73317.057561                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       721891                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       721891                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51483144000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  51483144000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123447                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123447                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71317.060332                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71317.060332                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7288000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7288000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7092000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7092000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  80266228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.599157                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 5873881                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                721959                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.136031                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                181000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.599157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          161                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               6598145                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              6598145                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  80266228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  80266228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  80266228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        722182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            722923                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       722182                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           722923                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48858000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  48616434000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  48665292000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48858000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  48616434000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  48665292000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       722216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          722969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       722216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         722969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65935.222672                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67318.811602                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67317.393415                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65935.222672                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67318.811602                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67317.393415                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         721516                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               721516                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       722182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       722923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       722182                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       722923                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47376000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  47172072000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  47219448000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47376000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  47172072000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  47219448000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999953                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999936                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999953                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999936                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63935.222672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65318.814371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65317.396182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63935.222672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65318.814371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65317.396182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    723239                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       722182                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           722923                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48858000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  48616434000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  48665292000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       722216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         722969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999953                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65935.222672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67318.811602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67317.393415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       722182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       722923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47376000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  47172072000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  47219448000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999953                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63935.222672                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65318.814371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65317.396182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       721775                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       721775                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       721775                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       721775                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  80266228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.750250                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1443975                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               723239                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.996539                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     2.285419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     2.168801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   506.296030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.004464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.004236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.988859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              2168495                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             2168495                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  80266228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               722969                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              722968                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        721775                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2166206                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 2167712                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     92415360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 92463552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           4331844000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          3611075000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  80266228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  80266228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  80266228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  80266228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                95601308000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 108536                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1280936                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   213398                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    64.49                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1482305903                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13763080                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.095601                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 95601308000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1125287                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13763080                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28133                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     7004147                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         27019                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9908293                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         95601308                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   95601308                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5699273                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4148584                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1087651                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                6920156                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       6920156                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              6920493                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13738650                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13738650                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            30361830                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5610616                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28126                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       7032271                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    7004145                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      0.24%      0.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6709357     48.70%     48.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1084      0.01%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    27988      0.20%     49.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84602      0.61%     49.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.00%     49.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            6919543     50.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13776574                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  95601308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  95601308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9907540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9907540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9907540                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9907540                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53501000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     53501000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53501000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     53501000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9908293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9908293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9908293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9908293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71050.464807                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71050.464807                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71050.464807                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71050.464807                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51995000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51995000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51995000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51995000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69050.464807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69050.464807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69050.464807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69050.464807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9907540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9907540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53501000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     53501000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9908293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9908293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71050.464807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71050.464807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51995000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51995000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69050.464807                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69050.464807                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  95601308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               239.748371                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9908293                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   753                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs              13158.423639                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   239.748371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.936517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.936517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9909046                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9909046                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  95601308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              865779                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             865779                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       864373                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2595931                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      2595931                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2595931                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port    110729728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total    110729728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               110729728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          5187644000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         4560462000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  95601308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           47424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        55362432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            55409856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        47424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          47424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     55319872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         55319872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              741                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           865038                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               865779                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        864373                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              864373                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             496060                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          579097014                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              579593074                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        496060                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            496060                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       578651832                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             578651832                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       578651832                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            496060                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         579097014                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1158244906                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    864352.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       741.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    865037.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001570342500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         53767                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         53767                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              2565028                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              811500                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       865779                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      864373                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     865779                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    864373                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     21                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              54075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              54013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              54014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              53913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              53995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              54113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              54271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              54152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              54283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              54186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             54204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             54170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             54094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             54037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             54076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             54182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              53995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              53892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              53923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              53902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              53957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              54092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              54149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              54144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              54058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              54021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             54016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             54016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             54016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             54026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             54018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             54102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.68                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    7185575500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  4328890000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              23418913000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8299.56                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27049.56                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    802165                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   802889                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  92.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 865779                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                864373                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   865778                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    2815                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   53765                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   54311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   54216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   53768                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   53768                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   53768                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   53768                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   53771                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   53768                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   53767                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   53769                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   53767                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   53767                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   53767                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   53767                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   53767                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       125050                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     885.452411                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    801.728065                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    268.904664                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1470      1.18%      1.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5960      4.77%      5.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3286      2.63%      8.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4186      3.35%     11.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         7211      5.77%     17.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3566      2.85%     20.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3192      2.55%     23.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         3894      3.11%     26.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        92285     73.80%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        125050                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        53767                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.102256                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.075501                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       4.166574                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           53756     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63              6      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::928-959            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          53767                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        53767                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.075418                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.071857                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.350925                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             50950     94.76%     94.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              1777      3.31%     98.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               842      1.57%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19               198      0.37%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          53767                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                55409792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                       64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 55316928                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 55409856                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              55319872                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        579.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        578.62                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     579.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     578.65                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          9.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    95601259000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       55255.99                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        47424                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     55362368                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     55316928                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 496060.158507454733                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 579096344.581394195557                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 578621037.277021408081                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       865038                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       864373                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     18973250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  23399939750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 2371840688750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25604.93                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27050.77                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2744001.36                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.77                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             447385260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             237787110                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           3093276480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          2256465060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      7546549920.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       27854053200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       13254857760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         54690374790                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         572.067223                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  33901208000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   3192280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  58507820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             445478880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             236777640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           3088378440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          2255321880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      7546549920.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       27067481130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       13917234240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         54557222130                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         570.674432                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  35629433000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   3192280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  56779595000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  95601308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  95601308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  95601308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          6153713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              6153713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         6153713                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             6153713                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         864975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             864975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        865073                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            865073                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  63416251000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  63416251000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  63423539000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  63423539000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      7018688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          7018688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      7018786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         7018786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.123239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.123251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73315.703922                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73315.703922                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73315.823058                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73315.823058                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          864632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                864632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       864975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        864975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       865073                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       865073                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  61686303000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  61686303000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  61693395000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  61693395000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71315.706234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71315.706234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71315.825370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71315.825370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     864816                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           27808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               27808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15840000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15840000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69779.735683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69779.735683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15386000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15386000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67779.735683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67779.735683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        6125905                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            6125905                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       864748                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           864748                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  63400411000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  63400411000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      6990653                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        6990653                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123701                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.123701                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73316.632129                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73316.632129                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       864748                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       864748                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  61670917000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  61670917000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123701                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123701                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71316.634441                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71316.634441                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7288000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7288000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7092000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7092000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72367.346939                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  95601308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.663455                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 7018785                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                865072                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.113527                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                181000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.663455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               7883858                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              7883858                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  95601308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  95601308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  95601308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        865038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            865779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       865038                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           865779                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48858000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  58232779000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  58281637000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48858000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  58232779000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  58281637000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       865072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          865825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       865072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         865825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999961                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999961                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65935.222672                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67318.174462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67316.990826                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65935.222672                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67318.174462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67316.990826                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         864373                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               864373                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       865038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       865779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       865038                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       865779                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47376000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  56502703000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  56550079000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47376000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  56502703000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  56550079000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999961                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999961                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63935.222672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65318.174462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65316.990826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63935.222672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65318.174462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65316.990826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    866096                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       865038                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           865779                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48858000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  58232779000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  58281637000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       865072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         865825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65935.222672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67318.174462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67316.990826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       865038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       865779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47376000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  56502703000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  56550079000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63935.222672                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65318.174462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65316.990826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       864632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       864632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       864632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       864632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  95601308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.950718                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1730457                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               866608                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.996816                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     1.918823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     1.820911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   507.210984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.003748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.003556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.990646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          420                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              2597065                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             2597065                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  95601308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               865825                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              865825                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        864632                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2594776                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 2596282                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side    110701056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                110749248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           5188985000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          4325360000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  95601308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  95601308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  95601308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  95601308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
