
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3714718000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 346122                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1294120                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   614677                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     2.89                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1285361122                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000215                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1776406                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003715                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3714718000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            188585                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000215                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1776406                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      203375                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            20                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                       99881                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            37                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1268836                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            85                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3714717                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3714717                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1305471                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1000835                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       166937                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11972                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11972                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15096                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5598                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       10847                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1762054                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1762054                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3292713                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1489289                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      203289                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        303092                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                      99803                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  7711      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1447552     81.49%     81.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    11306      0.64%     82.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.10%     82.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.03%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.06%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       12      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      532      0.03%     82.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2179      0.12%     82.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     82.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     82.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     82.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     82.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     82.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     82.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.01%     82.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     82.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     82.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.01%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   202342     11.39%     94.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   94285      5.31%     99.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 947      0.05%     99.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.31%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1776418                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    42                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3714718000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3714718000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1262089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1262089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1262089                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1262089                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           6747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               6747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          6747                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              6747                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    369998000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    369998000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    369998000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    369998000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1268836                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1268836                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1268836                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1268836                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54838.891359                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54838.891359                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54838.891359                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54838.891359                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          6747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    356504000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    356504000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    356504000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    356504000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005317                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005317                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005317                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005317                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52838.891359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52838.891359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52838.891359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52838.891359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       6491                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1262089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1262089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          6747                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              6747                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    369998000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    369998000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1268836                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1268836                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54838.891359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54838.891359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    356504000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    356504000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52838.891359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52838.891359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3714718000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.916699                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  992684                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  6491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                152.932368                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.916699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.984050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.984050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1275583                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1275583                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3714718000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7333                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7333                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1661                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        16327                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        16327                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  16327                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       575616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       575616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  575616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            15638000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           38910500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3714718000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          295808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          173504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              469312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       295808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         295808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       106304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           106304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4622                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             2711                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 7333                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          1661                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                1661                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           79631348                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           46707179                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              126338527                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      79631348                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          79631348                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        28616977                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              28616977                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        28616977                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          79631348                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          46707179                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             154955504                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       819.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4622.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      2286.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002781180500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            47                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            47                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                16401                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 752                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         7333                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        1661                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       7333                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      1661                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     425                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    842                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                88                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.83                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      58602500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    34540000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                188127500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8483.28                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27233.28                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5059                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      671                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  73.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 81.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   7333                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  1661                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6908                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1977                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     249.493171                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    165.690587                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    249.398962                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           688     34.80%     34.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          585     29.59%     64.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          278     14.06%     78.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          117      5.92%     84.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           99      5.01%     89.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           71      3.59%     92.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           39      1.97%     94.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           23      1.16%     96.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           77      3.89%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1977                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           47                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      144.829787                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      63.660227                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     270.550109                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              26     55.32%     55.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            12     25.53%     80.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            4      8.51%     89.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      2.13%     91.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            1      2.13%     93.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            1      2.13%     95.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            1      2.13%     97.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            1      2.13%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             47                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           47                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              17                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.972440                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.978019                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                22     46.81%     46.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      6.38%     53.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                22     46.81%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             47                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  442112                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    27200                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    51136                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   469312                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                106304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        119.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         13.77                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     126.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      28.62                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.93                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3713952000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      412936.62                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       295808                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       146304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        51136                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 79631347.520861610770                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 39384954.658738560975                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 13765782.490084039047                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4622                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         2711                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1661                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    123893250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     64234250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  75591684500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26805.12                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     23693.93                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  45509743.83                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     74.16                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               5497800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2922150                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             21005880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             3064140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      293183280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         547732950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         965203200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1838609400                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         494.952618                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2503966500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    124020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1086731500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               8617980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               4580565                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             28317240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1106640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      293183280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1059474390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         534263040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1929543135                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         519.431929                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1379268000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    124020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2211430000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3714718000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3714718000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3714718000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           296888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               296888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          298981                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              298981                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           4253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               4253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          4263                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              4263                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    208170000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    208170000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    208762000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    208762000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       301141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           301141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       303244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          303244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.014123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.014058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48946.625911                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48946.625911                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48970.677926                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48970.677926                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            2028                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  2028                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          4253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4263                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4263                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    199664000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    199664000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    200236000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    200236000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46946.625911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46946.625911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46970.677926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46970.677926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       4007                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          198599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              198599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          2673                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              2673                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    130032000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    130032000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       201272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          201272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48646.464646                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48646.464646                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    124686000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    124686000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46646.464646                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46646.464646                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data          98289                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total              98289                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         1580                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             1580                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     78138000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     78138000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data        99869                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          99869                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015821                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015821                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49454.430380                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49454.430380                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1580                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1580                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     74978000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74978000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015821                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015821                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47454.430380                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47454.430380                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          2093                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              2093                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       592000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       592000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2103                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          2103                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004755                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.004755                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        59200                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        59200                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       572000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       572000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004755                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004755                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        57200                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        57200                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3714718000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               249.736991                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  155380                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  4007                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 38.777140                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   249.736991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.975535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.975535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                307507                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               307507                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3714718000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3714718000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3714718000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            2125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            1552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                3677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           2125                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           1552                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               3677                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          4622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          2711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              7333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4622                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2711                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             7333                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    310244000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    169208000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    479452000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    310244000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    169208000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    479452000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         6747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         4263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           11010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         6747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         4263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          11010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.685045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.635937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.666031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.685045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.635937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.666031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67123.323237                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62415.344891                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65382.790127                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67123.323237                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62415.344891                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65382.790127                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           1662                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 1662                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2711                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7333                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    301000000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    163786000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    464786000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    301000000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    163786000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    464786000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.685045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.635937                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.685045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.635937                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65123.323237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60415.344891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63382.790127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65123.323237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60415.344891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63382.790127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      8099                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           2125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           1552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               3677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4622                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2711                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             7333                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    310244000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    169208000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    479452000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         6747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4263                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          11010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.685045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.635937                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.666031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67123.323237                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62415.344891                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65382.790127                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    301000000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    163786000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    464786000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.685045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.635937                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65123.323237                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60415.344891                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63382.790127                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2028                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2028                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2028                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2028                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3714718000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              496.384601                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  12086                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 8099                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.492283                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    68.874468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   355.533168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    71.976966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.134520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.694401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.140580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.969501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          419                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                21649                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               21649                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3714718000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                11010                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               11010                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          2028                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        10554                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        13494                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   24048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       402624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       431808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                   834432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            33735000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             21150000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            21315000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3714718000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3714718000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3714718000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3714718000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 7315400000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 310296                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1294912                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   542169                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     6.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1134331180                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000947                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3496440                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.007315                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7315400000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            364446                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000947                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3496440                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      380354                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            20                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      200601                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            37                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2572425                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            85                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          7315389                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    7315389                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2508426                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1966835                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       321915                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11972                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11972                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15096                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5598                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       16168                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3472456                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3472456                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             6548010                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2945746                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      380267                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        580790                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     200523                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 15505      0.44%      0.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2859458     81.78%     82.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    33942      0.97%     83.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.05%     83.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.02%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.03%     83.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       12      0.00%     83.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      532      0.02%     83.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2179      0.06%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.01%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.01%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   379320     10.85%     94.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  195005      5.58%     99.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 947      0.03%     99.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.16%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3496452                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    42                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7315400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7315400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2560695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2560695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2560695                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2560695                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          11730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              11730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         11730                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             11730                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    629455000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    629455000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    629455000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    629455000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2572425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2572425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2572425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2572425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53661.977835                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53661.977835                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53661.977835                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53661.977835                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         11730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        11730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    605995000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    605995000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    605995000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    605995000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004560                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004560                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51661.977835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51661.977835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51661.977835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51661.977835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      11474                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2560695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2560695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         11730                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             11730                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    629455000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    629455000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2572425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2572425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53661.977835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53661.977835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    605995000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    605995000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51661.977835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51661.977835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7315400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.926523                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2105404                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 11474                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                183.493463                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.926523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.991900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2584155                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2584155                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7315400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               12769                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              12769                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3891                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        29429                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        29429                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  29429                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1066240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1066240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1066240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            32224000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           67575250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7315400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          507520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          309696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              817216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       507520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         507520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       249024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           249024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             7930                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4839                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                12769                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          3891                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                3891                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           69376931                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           42334801                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              111711731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      69376931                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          69376931                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        34041064                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              34041064                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        34041064                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          69376931                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          42334801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             145752795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       841.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      7930.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3973.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006387638500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            48                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            48                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                29544                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 768                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        12769                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        3891                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      12769                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      3891                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     866                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   3050                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               3097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.26                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      91214500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    59515000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                314395750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7663.15                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26413.15                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      9044                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      684                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  75.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 81.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  12769                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  3891                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    11903                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2991                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     272.155132                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    189.370407                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    241.410122                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           856     28.62%     28.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          782     26.15%     54.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          647     21.63%     76.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          224      7.49%     83.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          149      4.98%     88.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          134      4.48%     93.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           61      2.04%     95.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           41      1.37%     96.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           97      3.24%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2991                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           48                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      218.666667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      69.278455                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     577.347763                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             38     79.17%     79.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5     10.42%     89.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      4.17%     93.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      2.08%     95.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      2.08%     97.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1      2.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             48                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           48                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              17                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.973014                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.967559                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                22     45.83%     45.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 4      8.33%     54.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                22     45.83%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             48                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  761792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    55424                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    52224                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   817216                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                249024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        104.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          7.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     111.71                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      34.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7310664000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      438815.37                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       507520                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       254272                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        52224                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 69376930.858189582825                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 34758454.766656644642                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 7138912.431309293024                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         7930                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4839                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         3891                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    205100250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    109295500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 116379182000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25863.84                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     22586.38                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  29909838.60                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     76.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               7511280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3992340                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             32201400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             3126780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      577146960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1191309120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1805905920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3621193800                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         495.009678                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4683319250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    244140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2387940750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              13844460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7358505                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             52786020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1132740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      577146960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2238146040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         924359040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3814773765                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         521.471658                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2383025000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    244140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4688235000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7315400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7315400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7315400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           568021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               568021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          571284                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              571284                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           9649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               9649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          9659                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              9659                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    396273000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    396273000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    396865000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    396865000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       577670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           577670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       580943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          580943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41068.815421                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41068.815421                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41087.586707                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41087.586707                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            4331                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  4331                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          9649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9659                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9659                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    376977000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    376977000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    377549000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    377549000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39069.022697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39069.022697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39087.793767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39087.793767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       9402                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          370118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              370118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          6963                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              6963                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    301410000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    301410000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       377081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          377081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018466                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.018466                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43287.376131                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43287.376131                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    287486000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    287486000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018466                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018466                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41287.663363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41287.663363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         197903                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             197903                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2686                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2686                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     94863000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     94863000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       200589                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         200589                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013391                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.013391                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35317.572599                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35317.572599                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2686                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2686                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     89491000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89491000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013391                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013391                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33317.572599                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33317.572599                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          3263                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              3263                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       592000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       592000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3273                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          3273                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003055                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.003055                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        59200                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        59200                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       572000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       572000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003055                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003055                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        57200                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        57200                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7315400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.819680                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  236597                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  9402                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 25.164539                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.819680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.987577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.987577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                590601                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               590601                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7315400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7315400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7315400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            4819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                8619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3800                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           4819                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               8619                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          7930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          4840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             12770                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         7930                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4840                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            12770                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    524728000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    295507000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    820235000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    524728000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    295507000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    820235000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        11730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           21389                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        11730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          21389                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.676044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.501087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.597036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.676044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.501087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.597036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66169.987390                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61055.165289                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64231.401723                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66169.987390                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61055.165289                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64231.401723                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           3891                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 3891                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        12770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7930                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        12770                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    508868000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    285829000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    794697000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    508868000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    285829000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    794697000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.676044                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.501087                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.597036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.676044                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.501087                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.597036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64169.987390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59055.578512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62231.558340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64169.987390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59055.578512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62231.558340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     15656                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           4819                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               8619                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         7930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            12770                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    524728000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    295507000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    820235000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        11730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          21389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.676044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.501087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.597036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66169.987390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61055.165289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64231.401723                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    508868000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    285829000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    794697000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.676044                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.501087                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.597036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64169.987390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59055.578512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62231.558340                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4331                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4331                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4331                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4331                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7315400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              504.070591                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  23258                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                15656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.485565                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    53.099643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   407.626121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    43.344826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.103710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.796145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.084658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.984513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          421                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                41888                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               41888                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7315400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                21389                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               21388                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          4331                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        23648                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        23460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   47108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       895296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       750720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1646016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            58650000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             43044000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            48290000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7315400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7315400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7315400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   7315400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                11050333000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 279774                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1297800                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   487402                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    10.79                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1024454217                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3017735                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5257372                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.011050                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11050333000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            541625                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3017735                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5257372                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      565101                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            20                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      314363                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            39                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3909577                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         11050322                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   11050322                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3730393                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2889286                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       474960                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11972                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11972                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15096                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5598                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       21700                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5224990                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5224990                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             9960400                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4431123                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      565015                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        879299                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     314284                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 22524      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4291080     81.62%     82.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    57725      1.10%     83.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.04%     83.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.01%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.02%     83.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       12      0.00%     83.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      532      0.01%     83.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2179      0.04%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   564068     10.73%     94.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  308766      5.87%     99.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 947      0.02%     99.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5257385                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    42                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11050333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11050333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3892671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3892671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3892671                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3892671                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          16906                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              16906                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         16906                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             16906                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    906680000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    906680000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    906680000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    906680000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3909577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3909577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3909577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3909577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53630.663670                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53630.663670                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53630.663670                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53630.663670                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        16906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         16906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        16906                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16906                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    872868000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    872868000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    872868000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    872868000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51630.663670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51630.663670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51630.663670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51630.663670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      16650                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3892671                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3892671                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         16906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             16906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    906680000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    906680000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3909577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3909577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53630.663670                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53630.663670                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        16906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    872868000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    872868000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51630.663670                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51630.663670                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11050333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.627344                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3674601                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 16650                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                220.696757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.627344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          224                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3926483                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3926483                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11050333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               18562                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              18562                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6209                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        43333                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        43333                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  43333                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1585344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1585344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1585344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            49607000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           98120500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11050333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          734656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          453312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1187968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       734656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         734656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       397376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           397376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            11479                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7083                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                18562                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          6209                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                6209                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           66482702                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           41022474                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              107505177                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      66482702                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          66482702                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        35960545                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              35960545                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        35960545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          66482702                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          41022474                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             143465722                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       869.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     11479.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5759.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.013328888500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            50                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            50                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                43492                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 802                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        18562                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        6209                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      18562                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      6209                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    1324                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   5340                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               3458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               4762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                77                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.28                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     126000000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    86190000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                449212500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7309.43                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26059.43                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     13325                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      715                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  77.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  18562                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  6209                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    17238                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4050                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     285.866667                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    203.509563                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    238.937435                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1031     25.46%     25.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1007     24.86%     50.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          981     24.22%     74.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          350      8.64%     83.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          196      4.84%     88.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          216      5.33%     93.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           92      2.27%     95.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           57      1.41%     97.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          120      2.96%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4050                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           50                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      339.580000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      76.732417                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1036.435376                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255             44     88.00%     88.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            3      6.00%     94.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1      2.00%     96.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            1      2.00%     98.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            1      2.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             50                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           50                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.040000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.012945                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.968061                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                22     44.00%     44.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 4      8.00%     52.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                24     48.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             50                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1103232                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    84736                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    54528                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1187968                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                397376                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         99.84                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          4.93                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     107.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      35.96                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    10891723000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      439696.54                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       734656                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       368576                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        54528                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 66482702.376480415463                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 33354288.961246684194                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 4934511.928283065557                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        11479                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7083                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         6209                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    293643500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    155569000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 252910617500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25580.93                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     21963.72                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  40732906.67                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     77.54                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               9881760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5252280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             45831660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             3293820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      872174160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1926295620                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2621184480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5483913780                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         496.266835                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6795708250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    368940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3885684750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              19035240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              10117470                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             77247660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1153620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      872174160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3392429100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1386545760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5758703010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         521.133889                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3574375750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    368940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7107017250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11050333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11050333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11050333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           859854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               859854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          864168                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              864168                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          15273                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              15273                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         15283                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             15283                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    592481000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    592481000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    593073000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    593073000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       875127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           875127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       879451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          879451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38792.706083                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38792.706083                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38806.059020                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38806.059020                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            6756                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  6756                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         15273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15283                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15283                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    561937000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    561937000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    562509000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    562509000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36792.837033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36792.837033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36806.189884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36806.189884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      15026                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          549367                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              549367                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         11410                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             11410                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    477767000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    477767000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       560777                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          560777                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020347                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.020347                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41872.655565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41872.655565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    454947000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    454947000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020347                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020347                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39872.655565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39872.655565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         310487                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             310487                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         3863                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             3863                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    114714000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    114714000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       314350                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         314350                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012289                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.012289                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29695.573389                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29695.573389                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3863                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3863                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    106990000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    106990000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012289                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012289                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27696.091121                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27696.091121                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          4314                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              4314                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       592000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       592000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4324                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          4324                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002313                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.002313                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        59200                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        59200                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       572000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       572000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002313                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002313                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        57200                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        57200                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11050333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.894605                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  329236                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 15026                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 21.911087                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.894605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                894733                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               894733                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11050333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11050333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11050333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            5427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               13626                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           5427                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8199                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              13626                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         11479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          7084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             18563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        11479                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7084                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            18563                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    756254000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    427519000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1183773000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    756254000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    427519000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1183773000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        16906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        15283                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           32189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        16906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        15283                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          32189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.678990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.463522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.576688                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.678990                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.463522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.576688                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65881.522781                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60349.943535                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63770.565103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65881.522781                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60349.943535                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63770.565103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6209                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6209                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7084                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18563                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    733296000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    413353000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1146649000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    733296000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    413353000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1146649000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.678990                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.463522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.576688                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.678990                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.463522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.576688                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63881.522781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58350.225861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61770.672844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63881.522781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58350.225861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61770.672844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     23681                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           5427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              13626                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        11479                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            18563                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    756254000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    427519000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1183773000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        16906                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        15283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          32189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.678990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.463522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.576688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65881.522781                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60349.943535                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63770.565103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    733296000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    413353000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1146649000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.678990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.463522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.576688                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63881.522781                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58350.225861                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61770.672844                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6756                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6756                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6756                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6756                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11050333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              506.750674                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  36035                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                23681                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.521684                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    45.359309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   427.791634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    33.599730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.088592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.835531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.065624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.989747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          326                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                63138                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               63138                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11050333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                32189                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               32188                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          6756                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        37321                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        33812                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   71133                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1410432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1081984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2492416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            84530000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             65969000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            76410000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11050333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11050333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11050333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  11050333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                14227785000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 278148                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1299376                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   482850                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    14.38                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              989181073                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000643                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6944997                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.014228                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 14227785000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            711459                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000643                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6944997                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      739101                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            20                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      401499                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            39                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5157299                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            91                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         14227774                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   14227774                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5001737                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3934800                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       630253                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11972                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11972                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15096                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5598                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       25442                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               6903590                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      6903590                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            13098634                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5870154                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      738985                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1140400                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     401415                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 29550      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5693346     81.98%     82.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    74957      1.08%     83.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.03%     83.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.01%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.01%     83.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       12      0.00%     83.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      532      0.01%     83.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2179      0.03%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   738038     10.63%     94.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  395897      5.70%     99.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 947      0.01%     99.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6945010                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    42                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            2805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1222                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1583                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           2805                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          896                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total           954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          896                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total          954                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50398000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data      3461000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total     53859000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50398000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data      3461000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total     53859000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         2118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         1641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         3759                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         2118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         1641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         3759                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.423041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035344                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.253791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.423041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.253791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56247.767857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59672.413793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56455.974843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56247.767857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59672.413793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56455.974843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           58                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total          954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          896                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           58                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total          954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48606000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      3345000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51951000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48606000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      3345000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51951000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.423041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035344                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.253791                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.423041                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035344                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.253791                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54247.767857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57672.413793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54455.974843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54247.767857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57672.413793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54455.974843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1222                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           2805                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          896                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total          954                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50398000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      3461000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     53859000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         2118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         3759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.423041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035344                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.253791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56247.767857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59672.413793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56455.974843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           58                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48606000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      3345000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51951000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.423041                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035344                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.253791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54247.767857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57672.413793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54455.974843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         1590                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1590                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         1590                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1590                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14227785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse          191.496207                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle      11050397000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    20.263374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   158.671412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    12.561421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.000096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.001461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1051                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          978                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.008018                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses             6400                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses            6400                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14227785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5137454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5137454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5137454                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5137454                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          19845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              19845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         19845                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             19845                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1007852000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1007852000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1007852000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1007852000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5157299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5157299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5157299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5157299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003848                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.003848                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003848                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.003848                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50786.192996                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50786.192996                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50786.192996                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50786.192996                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        19845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         19845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        19845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        19845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    968162000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    968162000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    968162000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    968162000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003848                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003848                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003848                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003848                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48786.192996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48786.192996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48786.192996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48786.192996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      19589                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5137454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5137454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         19845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             19845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1007852000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1007852000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5157299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5157299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003848                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003848                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50786.192996                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50786.192996                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        19845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    968162000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    968162000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003848                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003848                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48786.192996                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48786.192996                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14227785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.933895                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4806188                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 19589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                245.351371                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.933895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5177144                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5177144                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14227785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               19516                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              19516                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6209                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        43333                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        43333                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         1908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         1908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  45241                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1585344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1585344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        61056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        61056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1646400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            50561000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            5046500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           98120500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14227785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          792000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          457024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1249024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       792000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         792000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       397376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           397376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            12375                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7141                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                19516                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          6209                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                6209                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           55665727                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           32121936                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               87787663                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      55665727                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          55665727                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        27929576                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              27929576                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        27929576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          55665727                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          32121936                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             115717239                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       869.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     12375.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5817.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.013328888500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            50                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            50                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                46216                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 802                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        19516                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        6209                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      19516                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      6209                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    1324                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   5340                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               3570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               4872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                77                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.65                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     130213000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    90960000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                471313000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7157.71                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25907.71                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     14126                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      715                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  77.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  19516                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  6209                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    18192                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4203                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     289.987152                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    205.410290                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    243.800112                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1063     25.29%     25.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1041     24.77%     50.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1001     23.82%     73.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          363      8.64%     82.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          209      4.97%     87.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          228      5.42%     92.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           98      2.33%     95.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           61      1.45%     96.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          139      3.31%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4203                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           50                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      339.580000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      76.732417                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1036.435376                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255             44     88.00%     88.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            3      6.00%     94.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1      2.00%     96.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            1      2.00%     98.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            1      2.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             50                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           50                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.040000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.012945                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.968061                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                22     44.00%     44.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 4      8.00%     52.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                24     48.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             50                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1164288                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    84736                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    54528                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1249024                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                397376                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         81.83                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          3.83                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      87.79                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      27.93                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    14152528000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      550146.86                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       792000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       372288                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        54528                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 55665727.307518355548                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 26166265.514976505190                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 3832500.983111566398                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        12375                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7141                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         6209                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    314215250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    157097750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 252910617500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25391.13                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     21999.40                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  40732906.67                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     77.86                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              10131660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5385105                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             47388180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             3293820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1122947280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2018054220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3764055360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6971255625                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         489.974766                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9766027250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    475020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3986737750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              19877760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              10565280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             82502700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1153620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1122947280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3616030410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2418391200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7271468250                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         511.075213                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6254677500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    475020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7498087500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14227785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14227785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14227785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1115067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1115067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1121580                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1121580                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          18991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              18991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         19007                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             19007                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    657834000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    657834000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    658854000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    658854000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1134058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1134058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1140587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1140587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016746                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016746                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016664                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016664                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34639.250171                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34639.250171                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34663.755459                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34663.755459                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            8428                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  8428                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         18991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19007                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        19007                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    619854000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    619854000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    620842000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    620842000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016746                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016746                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32639.355484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32639.355484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32663.860683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32663.860683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      18750                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          718306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              718306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         14266                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             14266                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    527808000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    527808000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       732572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          732572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.019474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36997.616711                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36997.616711                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    499278000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    499278000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34997.756905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34997.756905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         396761                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             396761                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4725                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4725                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    130026000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    130026000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       401486                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         401486                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011769                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.011769                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27518.730159                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27518.730159                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4725                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4725                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    120576000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120576000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011769                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011769                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25518.730159                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25518.730159                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          6513                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              6513                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              16                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1020000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      1020000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6529                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          6529                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002451                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.002451                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        63750                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        63750                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       988000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       988000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002451                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002451                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        61750                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        61750                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14227785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.364797                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  612053                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 18750                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 32.642827                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.364797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1159593                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1159593                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14227785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14227785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14227785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               16530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6248                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          10282                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              16530                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         13597                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          8725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             22322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13597                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8725                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            22322                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    832394000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    452197000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1284591000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    832394000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    452197000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1284591000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        19845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        19007                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           38852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        19845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        19007                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          38852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.685160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.459041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.574539                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.685160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.459041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.574539                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61218.945356                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51827.736390                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57548.203566                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61218.945356                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51827.736390                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57548.203566                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7799                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7799                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        22322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13597                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        22322                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    805200000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    434749000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1239949000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    805200000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    434749000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1239949000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.685160                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.459041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.574539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.685160                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.459041                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.574539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59218.945356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49827.965616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55548.293164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59218.945356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49827.965616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55548.293164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     28800                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          10282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              16530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13597                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8725                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            22322                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    832394000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    452197000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1284591000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        19845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        19007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          38852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.685160                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.459041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.574539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61218.945356                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51827.736390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57548.203566                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        22322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    805200000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    434749000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1239949000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.685160                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.459041                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.574539                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59218.945356                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49827.965616                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55548.293164                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8428                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8428                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8428                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8428                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14227785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.922991                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  45386                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                28800                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.575903                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    38.588133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   440.838825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    28.496034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.075367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.861013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.055656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.992037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          398                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                76592                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               76592                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14227785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                38852                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               38851                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          8428                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        46441                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        39690                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   86131                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1755776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1270080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3025856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            99225000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             80992000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            95030000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14227785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14227785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14227785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  14227785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                17504312000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 278446                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1299376                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   483060                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    17.96                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              974786723                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       8674317                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.017504                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17504312000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            888617                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       8674317                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      916539                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            20                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      502137                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            39                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6446192                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            91                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         17504312                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   17504312                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6247568                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4922918                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       788244                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11972                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11972                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15096                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5598                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       30296                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               8624344                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      8624344                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            16366405                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7333936                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      916424                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1418477                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     502053                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 36018      0.42%      0.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7117297     82.05%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    95781      1.10%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.02%     83.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.01%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.01%     83.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       12      0.00%     83.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      532      0.01%     83.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2179      0.03%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   915477     10.55%     94.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  496535      5.72%     99.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 947      0.01%     99.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    8674330                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    42                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         3689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            7330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3689                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3641                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           7330                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          1011                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          953                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         1011                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53825000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data      3461000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total     57286000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53825000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data      3461000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total     57286000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         4642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         3699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         8341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         4642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         3699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         8341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.205299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015680                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.121208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.205299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015680                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.121208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56479.538300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59672.413793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56662.710188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56479.538300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59672.413793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56662.710188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           58                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         1011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           58                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         1011                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51919000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      3345000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55264000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51919000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      3345000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55264000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.205299                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.205299                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54479.538300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57672.413793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54662.710188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54479.538300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57672.413793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54662.710188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         3641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           7330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         1011                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53825000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      3461000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     57286000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         4642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         8341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.205299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.121208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56479.538300                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59672.413793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56662.710188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           58                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51919000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      3345000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55264000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.205299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54479.538300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57672.413793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54662.710188                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3596                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3596                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3596                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3596                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17504312000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse          359.337923                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              11937                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1108                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            10.773466                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle      11050397000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    34.627242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   303.643886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    21.066796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.002317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.000161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.002742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.008453                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            13045                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           13045                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17504312000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6422600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6422600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6422600                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6422600                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          23592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              23592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         23592                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             23592                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1077466000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1077466000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1077466000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1077466000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6446192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6446192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6446192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6446192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003660                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.003660                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003660                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.003660                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45670.820617                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45670.820617                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45670.820617                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45670.820617                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         23592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1030282000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1030282000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1030282000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1030282000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43670.820617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43670.820617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43670.820617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43670.820617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      23336                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6422600                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6422600                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         23592                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             23592                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1077466000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1077466000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6446192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6446192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003660                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003660                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45670.820617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45670.820617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        23592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1030282000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1030282000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43670.820617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43670.820617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17504312000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.133453                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6446192                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 23592                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                273.236351                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.133453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6469784                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6469784                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17504312000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               19573                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              19573                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6209                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        43333                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        43333                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         2022                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         2022                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  45355                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1585344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1585344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        64704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        64704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1650048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            50618000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            5350250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           98120500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17504312000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          795648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          457024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1252672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       795648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         795648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       397376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           397376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            12432                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7141                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                19573                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          6209                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                6209                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           45454400                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           26109224                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               71563624                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      45454400                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          45454400                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        22701606                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              22701606                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        22701606                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          45454400                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          26109224                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              94265230                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       869.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     12432.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5817.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.013328888500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            50                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            50                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                47172                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 802                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        19573                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        6209                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      19573                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      6209                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    1324                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   5340                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               3584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               4878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                77                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       21.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     130671500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    91245000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                472840250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7160.47                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25910.47                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     14165                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      715                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  77.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  19573                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  6209                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    18249                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4221                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     289.614783                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    204.968460                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    243.885018                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1073     25.42%     25.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1045     24.76%     50.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1001     23.71%     73.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          364      8.62%     82.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          211      5.00%     87.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          228      5.40%     92.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           98      2.32%     95.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           61      1.45%     96.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          140      3.32%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4221                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           50                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      339.580000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      76.732417                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1036.435376                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255             44     88.00%     88.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            3      6.00%     94.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1      2.00%     96.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            1      2.00%     98.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            1      2.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             50                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           50                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.040000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.012945                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.968061                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                22     44.00%     44.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 4      8.00%     52.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                24     48.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             50                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1167936                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    84736                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    54528                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1252672                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                397376                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         66.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          3.12                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      71.56                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      22.70                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    17252583000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      669171.63                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       795648                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       372288                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        54528                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 45454400.035831168294                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 21268359.476225055754                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 3115118.149173757527                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        12432                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7141                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         6209                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    315742500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    157097750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 252910617500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25397.56                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     21999.40                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  40732906.67                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     77.83                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              10153080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5396490                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             47409600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             3293820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1381710720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2070184710                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4978342560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8496490980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         485.394169                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12922402000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    584480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3997430000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              19984860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              10622205                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             82888260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1153620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1381710720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3686864310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3616928160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8800152135                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         502.741961                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9369881750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    584480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7549950250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17504312000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17504312000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17504312000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1387102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1387102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1394749                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1394749                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          23898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              23898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         23914                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             23914                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    739702000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    739702000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    740722000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    740722000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1411000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1411000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1418663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1418663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30952.464641                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30952.464641                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30974.408296                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30974.408296                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10555                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10555                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         23898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    691906000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    691906000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    692894000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    692894000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016937                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016937                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28952.464641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28952.464641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28974.408296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28974.408296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      23658                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          890747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              890747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         18129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             18129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    594000000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    594000000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       908876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          908876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.019947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32765.182856                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32765.182856                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    557742000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    557742000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30765.182856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30765.182856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         496355                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             496355                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5769                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5769                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    145702000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    145702000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       502124                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         502124                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011489                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.011489                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25256.023574                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25256.023574                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5769                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5769                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    134164000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    134164000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011489                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011489                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23256.023574                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23256.023574                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          7647                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              7647                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              16                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1020000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      1020000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7663                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          7663                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002088                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.002088                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        63750                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        63750                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       988000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       988000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002088                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002088                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        61750                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        61750                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17504312000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.670881                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1418663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 23914                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 59.323534                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.670881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1442577                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1442577                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17504312000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17504312000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17504312000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            7471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           13132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               20603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           7471                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          13132                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              20603                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         16121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         10782                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             26903                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        16121                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10782                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            26903                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    868519000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    478951000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1347470000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    868519000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    478951000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1347470000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        23592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        23914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           47506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        23592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        23914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          47506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.683325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.566307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.683325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450866                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.566307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53875.007754                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44421.350399                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50086.235736                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53875.007754                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44421.350399                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50086.235736                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           9805                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 9805                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        16121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        26903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        16121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10782                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        26903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    836277000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    457387000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1293664000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    836277000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    457387000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1293664000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.683325                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450866                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.566307                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.683325                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450866                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.566307                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51875.007754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42421.350399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48086.235736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51875.007754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42421.350399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48086.235736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     35206                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           7471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          13132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              20603                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        16121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10782                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            26903                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    868519000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    478951000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1347470000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        23592                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          47506                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.683325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450866                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.566307                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53875.007754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44421.350399                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50086.235736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        16121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        26903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    836277000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    457387000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1293664000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.683325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.566307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51875.007754                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42421.350399                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48086.235736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10555                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10555                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10555                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10555                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17504312000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.686142                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  58061                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                35718                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.625539                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    31.813298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   452.274866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    24.597978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.062135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.883349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.048043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          402                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                93779                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               93779                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17504312000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                47506                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               47506                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10555                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58383                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        47184                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  105567                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2206016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1509888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3715904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           117960000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            100281000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           119570000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17504312000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17504312000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17504312000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  17504312000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
