
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4508707000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 254238                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1438828                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   481590                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     3.93                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1146146244                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000081                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1894466                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004509                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4508707000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            220026                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000081                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1894466                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      208625                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            86                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      173595                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           111                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1300983                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           413                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4508696                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4508696                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1111478                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              581967                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       163983                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  18178                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         18178                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                24064                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               11277                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       40674                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1881034                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1881034                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3697211                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1492854                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      208570                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        382158                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     173588                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  3672      0.19%      0.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1494554     78.89%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      738      0.04%     79.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      3547      0.19%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      53      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       24      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     4217      0.22%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       30      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2432      0.13%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2860      0.15%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      9      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   5      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 160      0.01%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 53      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  1      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   204679     10.80%     90.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  169205      8.93%     99.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                3891      0.21%     99.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               4383      0.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1894514                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4508707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4508707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1280523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1280523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1280523                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1280523                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          20460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              20460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         20460                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             20460                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    687767000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    687767000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    687767000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    687767000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1300983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1300983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1300983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1300983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.015727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.015727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33615.200391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33615.200391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33615.200391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33615.200391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         20460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    646847000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    646847000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    646847000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    646847000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015727                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015727                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015727                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015727                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31615.200391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31615.200391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31615.200391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31615.200391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      20204                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1280523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1280523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         20460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             20460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    687767000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    687767000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1300983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1300983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015727                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.015727                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33615.200391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33615.200391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    646847000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    646847000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015727                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015727                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31615.200391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31615.200391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4508707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               250.811268                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1201500                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 20204                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 59.468422                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   250.811268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.979732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.979732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          254                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1321443                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1321443                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4508707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               11918                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              11918                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5000                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        28836                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        28836                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  28836                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1082752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1082752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1082752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            36918000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           63799750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4508707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          395840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          366912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              762752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       395840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         395840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       320000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           320000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             6185                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5733                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                11918                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          5000                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                5000                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           87794572                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           81378542                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              169173113                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      87794572                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          87794572                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        70973785                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              70973785                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        70973785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          87794572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          81378542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             240146898                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      2875.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      6185.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5605.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001699169750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           166                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           166                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                29625                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                2688                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        11918                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        5000                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      11918                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      5000                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     128                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   2125                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.24                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     127188750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    58950000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                348251250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10787.85                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29537.85                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      7714                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2361                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  65.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  11918                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  5000                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    11790                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4568                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     205.155867                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    142.573652                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    206.248564                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1854     40.59%     40.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1333     29.18%     69.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          673     14.73%     84.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          280      6.13%     90.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          150      3.28%     93.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          101      2.21%     96.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           41      0.90%     97.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           43      0.94%     97.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           93      2.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4568                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          166                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       70.981928                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      45.254186                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     124.056608                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              56     33.73%     33.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             66     39.76%     73.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             27     16.27%     89.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             5      3.01%     92.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            2      1.20%     93.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            2      1.20%     95.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            1      0.60%     95.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            1      0.60%     96.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            1      0.60%     96.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            1      0.60%     97.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.60%     98.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::832-863            1      0.60%     98.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::864-895            1      0.60%     99.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::928-959            1      0.60%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            166                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          166                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.186747                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.155177                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.042174                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                68     40.96%     40.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 8      4.82%     45.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                81     48.80%     94.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 9      5.42%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            166                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  754560                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     8192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   182592                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   762752                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                320000                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        167.36                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         40.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     169.17                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      70.97                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.62                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4508008000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      266462.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       395840                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       358720                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       182592                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 87794571.703151255846                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 79561612.675208210945                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 40497641.563312940300                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         6185                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5733                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         5000                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    186514750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    161736500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 106038798500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30155.98                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28211.49                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  21207759.70                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     68.70                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              15615180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               8299665                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             45688860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             6128280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      355876560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1741298700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         264986880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2437894125                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         540.708040                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    673895750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    150540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3684271250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              17000340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               9035895                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             38491740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             8764380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      355876560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1521813930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         449816160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2400799005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         532.480599                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1154583500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    150540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3203583500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4508707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4508707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4508707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           373165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               373165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          373255                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              373255                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           8879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               8879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          8917                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              8917                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    472049000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    472049000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    473923000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    473923000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       382044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           382044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       382172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          382172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.023241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.023332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53164.658182                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53164.658182                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53148.256140                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53148.256140                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            5563                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  5563                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          8879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8917                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8917                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    454293000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    454293000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    456091000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    456091000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023241                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023241                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023332                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023332                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51164.883433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51164.883433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51148.480431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51148.480431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       8660                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          202947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              202947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          5550                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              5550                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    270623000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    270623000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       208497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          208497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.026619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48760.900901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48760.900901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    259525000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    259525000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46761.261261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46761.261261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         170218                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             170218                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         3329                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             3329                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    201426000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    201426000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       173547                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         173547                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019182                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.019182                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60506.458396                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60506.458396                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3329                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3329                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    194768000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    194768000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019182                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019182                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58506.458396                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58506.458396                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            90                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                90                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           38                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              38                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1874000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      1874000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          128                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           128                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.296875                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.296875                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49315.789474                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49315.789474                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           38                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1798000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1798000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.296875                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.296875                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47315.789474                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47315.789474                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4508707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.249152                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  370547                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  8660                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 42.788337                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.249152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.985348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.985348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                391088                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               391088                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4508707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4508707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4508707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           14275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               17458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          14275                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3183                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              17458                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          6185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          5734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             11919                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6185                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5734                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            11919                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    436216000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    391736000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    827952000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    436216000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    391736000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    827952000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        20460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           29377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        20460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          29377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.302297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.643041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.405726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.302297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.643041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.405726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70528.051738                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68318.102546                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69464.887994                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70528.051738                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68318.102546                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69464.887994                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           5000                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 5000                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        11919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6185                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        11919                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    423846000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    380270000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    804116000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    423846000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    380270000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    804116000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.302297                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.643041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.405726                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.302297                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.643041                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.405726                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68528.051738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66318.451343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67465.055793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68528.051738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66318.451343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67465.055793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     15698                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          14275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              17458                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6185                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            11919                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    436216000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    391736000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    827952000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        20460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          29377                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.302297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.643041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.405726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70528.051738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68318.102546                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69464.887994                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    423846000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    380270000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    804116000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.302297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.643041                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.405726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68528.051738                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66318.451343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67465.055793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5563                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5563                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5563                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5563                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4508707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              503.818410                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  34078                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                15698                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.170850                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   141.077191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   208.713418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   154.027801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.275541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.407643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.300836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.984020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          371                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                51150                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               51150                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4508707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                29377                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               29376                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5563                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        23396                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   64316                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       926656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1309440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2236096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           102300000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             57192000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            44580000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4508707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4508707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4508707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4508707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                10175785000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 228178                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1456004                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   430377                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     8.77                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1160827578                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000134                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3772650                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.010176                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10175785000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            451295                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000134                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3772650                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      423026                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           134                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      307977                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           224                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2612290                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          1054                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         10175774                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   10175774                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2195731                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1203259                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       355059                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  24751                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         24751                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                30975                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               11730                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       71685                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3753149                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3753149                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7381117                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3025938                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      422920                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        730866                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     307946                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  8603      0.23%      0.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3004193     79.63%     79.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     5857      0.16%     80.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     12978      0.34%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      88      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       30      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     4306      0.11%     80.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       30      0.00%     80.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2448      0.06%     80.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    3114      0.08%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     18      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   5      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 160      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 53      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  1      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   419013     11.11%     91.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  297452      7.88%     99.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                3907      0.10%     99.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              10494      0.28%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3772751                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    22                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10175785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10175785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2563713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2563713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2563713                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2563713                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          48577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              48577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         48577                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             48577                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2348134000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2348134000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2348134000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2348134000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2612290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2612290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2612290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2612290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.018596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.018596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.018596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.018596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48338.390596                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48338.390596                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48338.390596                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48338.390596                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         48577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2250982000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2250982000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2250982000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2250982000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.018596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.018596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 46338.431768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46338.431768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 46338.431768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46338.431768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      48320                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2563713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2563713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         48577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             48577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2348134000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2348134000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2612290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2612290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.018596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.018596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48338.390596                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48338.390596                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2250982000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2250982000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.018596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 46338.431768                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46338.431768                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10175785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.700966                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2535205                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 48320                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 52.466991                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.700966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.991019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2660866                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2660866                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10175785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               40929                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              40929                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        10782                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        92640                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        92640                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  92640                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3309504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      3309504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3309504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            94839000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          219766500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10175785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1702080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          917376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2619456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1702080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1702080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       690048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           690048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            26595                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            14334                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                40929                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         10782                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               10782                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          167267685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           90152848                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              257420533                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     167267685                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         167267685                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        67812754                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              67812754                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        67812754                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         167267685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          90152848                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             325233287                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      7377.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     26595.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     13223.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001699169750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           432                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           432                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                92736                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                6926                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        40929                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       10782                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      40929                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     10782                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    1111                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   3405                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               3332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               4333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              4102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     455624000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   199090000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1202211500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11442.66                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30192.66                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     24742                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     5782                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  62.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 78.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  40929                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 10782                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    39818                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     419                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     433                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     434                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     433                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     439                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     438                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        16640                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     181.353846                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    131.851952                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    173.990588                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          7086     42.58%     42.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5290     31.79%     74.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2204     13.25%     87.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1037      6.23%     93.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          401      2.41%     96.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          266      1.60%     97.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          103      0.62%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           81      0.49%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          172      1.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         16640                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          432                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       91.930556                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      58.722708                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     101.846068                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31             122     28.24%     28.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63            116     26.85%     55.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             54     12.50%     67.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            21      4.86%     72.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159           36      8.33%     80.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191           28      6.48%     87.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223           18      4.17%     91.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255           20      4.63%     96.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            6      1.39%     97.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            3      0.69%     98.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            2      0.46%     98.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            1      0.23%     98.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            1      0.23%     99.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.23%     99.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::832-863            1      0.23%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::864-895            1      0.23%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::928-959            1      0.23%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            432                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          432                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.025463                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.994775                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.024887                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               209     48.38%     48.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                15      3.47%     51.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               196     45.37%     97.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                12      2.78%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            432                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2548352                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    71104                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   470720                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2619456                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                690048                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        250.43                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         46.26                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     257.42                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      67.81                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    10174573000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      196758.39                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1702080                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       846272                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       470720                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 167267684.999240845442                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 83165279.140626505017                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 46258838.998662024736                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        26595                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        14334                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        10782                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    783901500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    418310000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 241697027250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29475.52                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29183.06                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  22416715.57                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     64.68                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              62732040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              33320100                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            158907840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            18536220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      802719840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4079326410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         472279200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5627821650                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         553.060196                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1192510750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    339560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   8643714250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              56141820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              29828700                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            125392680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            19856880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      802719840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3878400840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         641479680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5553820440                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         545.787911                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1630888000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    339560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8205337000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10175785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10175785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10175785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           707915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               707915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          708005                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              708005                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          22859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              22859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         22897                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             22897                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1198703000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1198703000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1200577000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1200577000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       730774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           730774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       730902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          730902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.031281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.031327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52438.995582                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52438.995582                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52433.812290                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52433.812290                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           12546                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 12546                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         22859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        22897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1152985000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1152985000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1154783000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1154783000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031327                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031327                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50438.995582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50438.995582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50433.812290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50433.812290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      22641                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          408358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              408358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         14540                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             14540                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    733311000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    733311000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       422898                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          422898                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.034382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50434.044017                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50434.044017                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    704231000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    704231000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48434.044017                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48434.044017                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         299557                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             299557                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8319                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8319                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    465392000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    465392000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       307876                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         307876                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027021                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.027021                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55943.262411                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55943.262411                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8319                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8319                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    448754000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    448754000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53943.262411                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53943.262411                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            90                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                90                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           38                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              38                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1874000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      1874000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          128                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           128                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.296875                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.296875                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49315.789474                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49315.789474                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           38                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1798000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1798000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.296875                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.296875                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47315.789474                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47315.789474                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10175785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.338067                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  715207                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 22641                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 31.589020                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.338067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                753799                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               753799                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10175785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10175785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10175785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           21981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               30544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          21981                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8563                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              30544                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         26596                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         14334                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             40930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        26596                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        14334                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            40930                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1857720000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    985865000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2843585000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1857720000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    985865000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2843585000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        48577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        22897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           71474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        48577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        22897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          71474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.547502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.572656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.547502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.572656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69849.601444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68778.080089                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69474.346445                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69849.601444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68778.080089                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69474.346445                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          10782                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                10782                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26596                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14334                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40930                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1804530000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    957197000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2761727000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1804530000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    957197000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2761727000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.547502                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.572656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.547502                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.572656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67849.676643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66778.080089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67474.395309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67849.676643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66778.080089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67474.395309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     49078                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          21981                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              30544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        26596                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        14334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            40930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1857720000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    985865000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2843585000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        48577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        22897                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          71474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.547502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.572656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69849.601444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68778.080089                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69474.346445                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1804530000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    957197000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2761727000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.547502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.572656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67849.676643                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66778.080089                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67474.395309                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12546                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12546                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12546                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12546                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10175785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.374885                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  80891                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                49078                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.648213                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   120.872592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   199.781227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   187.721066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.236079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.390198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.366643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.992920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          216                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               133610                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              133610                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10175785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                71474                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               71473                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         12546                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        97153                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  155493                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2268352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3108864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5377216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           242880000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            134204000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           114485000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10175785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10175785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10175785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  10175785000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                17440168000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 203574                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1456004                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   385524                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    14.74                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1183368688                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000165                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5681731                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.017440                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17440168000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            675921                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000165                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5681731                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      715738                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           136                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      453516                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           258                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3907203                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          1320                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         17440157                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   17440157                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3189712                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1813021                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       516984                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  24775                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         24775                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                31011                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               11742                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      119957                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5652431                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5652431                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11306598                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4604926                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      715525                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1168939                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     453414                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 17189      0.30%      0.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4439095     78.13%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    15813      0.28%     78.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     30547      0.54%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      88      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       30      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     4318      0.08%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       30      0.00%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2448      0.04%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    3114      0.05%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     18      0.00%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   5      0.00%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 160      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 53      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  1      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   711618     12.52%     91.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  442908      7.80%     99.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                3907      0.07%     99.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              10506      0.18%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5681849                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    22                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17440168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17440168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3810913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3810913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3810913                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3810913                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          96290                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              96290                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         96290                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             96290                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5244394000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5244394000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5244394000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5244394000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3907203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3907203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3907203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3907203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.024644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024644                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.024644                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54464.575761                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54464.575761                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54464.575761                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54464.575761                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        96290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         96290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        96290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        96290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5051816000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5051816000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5051816000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5051816000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52464.596531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52464.596531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52464.596531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52464.596531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      96033                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3810913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3810913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         96290                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             96290                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5244394000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5244394000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3907203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3907203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024644                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024644                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54464.575761                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54464.575761                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        96290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        96290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5051816000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5051816000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52464.596531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52464.596531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17440168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.658587                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3715854                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 96033                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 38.693512                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.658587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4003492                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4003492                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17440168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               87822                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              87822                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        17464                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       193108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       193108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 193108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      6738304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      6738304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 6738304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           175142000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          472299500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17440168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         3992768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1627840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             5620608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      3992768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        3992768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1117696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1117696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            62387                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            25435                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                87822                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         17464                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               17464                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          228940914                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           93338550                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              322279464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     228940914                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         228940914                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        64087456                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              64087456                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        64087456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         228940914                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          93338550                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             386366920                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     11629.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     62387.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     22385.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001699169750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           685                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           685                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               191010                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               10939                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        87822                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       17464                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      87822                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     17464                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    3050                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   5835                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               6895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               4090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               5548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               5239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               5699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               6646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               6810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              4704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              4524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              5037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             11642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              5122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              5124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              2756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1006090500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   423860000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               2595565500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11868.19                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30618.19                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     50941                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     8522                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  60.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 73.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  87822                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 17464                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    84772                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     306                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     666                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     689                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     686                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     686                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     686                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        36912                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     167.091461                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    125.238845                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    152.155315                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         16375     44.36%     44.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12108     32.80%     77.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4746     12.86%     90.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1953      5.29%     95.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          731      1.98%     97.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          564      1.53%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          162      0.44%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           97      0.26%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          176      0.48%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         36912                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          685                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      123.731387                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      86.971740                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      96.766982                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31             122     17.81%     17.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63            116     16.93%     34.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             60      8.76%     43.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            58      8.47%     51.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159          100     14.60%     66.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191           90     13.14%     79.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223           52      7.59%     87.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255           41      5.99%     93.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287           24      3.50%     96.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319           12      1.75%     98.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            3      0.44%     98.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            2      0.29%     99.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            1      0.15%     99.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.15%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::832-863            1      0.15%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::864-895            1      0.15%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::928-959            1      0.15%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            685                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          685                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.950365                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.920669                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.007510                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               353     51.53%     51.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                25      3.65%     55.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               295     43.07%     98.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                12      1.75%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            685                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 5425408                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   195200                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   743104                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  5620608                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1117696                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        311.09                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         42.61                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     322.28                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      64.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      2.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    17439524000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      165639.53                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      3992768                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1432640                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       743104                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 228940913.871930599213                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 82145997.676169186831                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 42608763.860531620681                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        62387                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        25435                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        17464                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   1840231500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    755334000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 420949336750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29497.03                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29696.64                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  24103832.84                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     61.68                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             148583400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              78962565                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            354208260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            32578020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1376178960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        7275164790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         570570240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9836246235                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         563.999512                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1420226750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    582140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  15437801250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             115025400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              61118475                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            251063820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            28031400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1376178960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6934647930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         857321280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9623387265                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         551.794413                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2165214750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    582140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  14692813250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17440168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17440168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17440168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1126056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1126056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1126146                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1126146                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          42952                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              42952                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         42990                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             42990                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2167185000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2167185000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2169059000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2169059000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1169008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1169008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1169136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1169136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.036742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.036771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50455.974111                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50455.974111                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50454.966271                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50454.966271                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           21326                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 21326                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        42952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         42952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        42990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        42990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2081281000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2081281000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2083079000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2083079000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48455.974111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48455.974111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48454.966271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48454.966271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      42734                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          686340                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              686340                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         29270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             29270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1495036000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1495036000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       715610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          715610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040902                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.040902                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51077.417151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51077.417151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1436496000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1436496000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49077.417151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49077.417151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         439716                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             439716                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        13682                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            13682                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    672149000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    672149000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       453398                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         453398                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030177                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030177                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49126.516591                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49126.516591                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13682                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        13682                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    644785000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    644785000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030177                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030177                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47126.516591                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47126.516591                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            90                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                90                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           38                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              38                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1874000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      1874000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          128                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           128                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.296875                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.296875                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49315.789474                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49315.789474                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           38                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1798000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1798000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.296875                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.296875                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47315.789474                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47315.789474                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17440168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.030315                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1153803                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 42734                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 26.999649                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.030315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1212126                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1212126                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17440168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17440168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17440168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           33902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           17555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               51457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          33902                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          17555                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              51457                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         62388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         25435                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             87823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        62388                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        25435                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            87823                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4359320000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1752191000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6111511000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4359320000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1752191000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6111511000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        96290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        42990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          139280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        96290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        42990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         139280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.647918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.591649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.630550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.647918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.591649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.630550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69874.334808                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68888.971889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69588.957335                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69874.334808                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68888.971889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69588.957335                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          17464                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                17464                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        62388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        87823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        62388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25435                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        87823                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4234546000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1701321000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5935867000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4234546000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1701321000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5935867000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.647918                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.591649                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.630550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.647918                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.591649                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.630550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67874.366865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66888.971889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67588.980108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67874.366865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66888.971889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67588.980108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    101481                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          33902                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          17555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              51457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        62388                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        25435                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            87823                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4359320000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1752191000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6111511000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        96290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        42990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         139280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.647918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.591649                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.630550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69874.334808                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68888.971889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69588.957335                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        62388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        87823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4234546000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1701321000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5935867000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.647918                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.591649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.630550                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67874.366865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66888.971889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67588.980108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        21326                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        21326                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        21326                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        21326                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17440168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.884860                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 157244                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               101481                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.549492                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    97.961745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   199.592529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   212.330586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.191332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.389829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.414708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               262599                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              262599                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17440168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               139280                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              139279                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         21326                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       107306                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       192579                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  299885                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4116224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6162496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 10278720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           481445000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            245910000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           214950000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17440168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17440168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17440168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  17440168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                22301024000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 188090                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1456004                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   356908                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    21.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1048611047                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000068                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7590397                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.022301                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 22301024000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            899816                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000068                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7590397                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1004918                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           139                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      594923                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           292                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5200374                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          1357                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         22301013                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   22301013                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4186908                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2436800                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       679121                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  24775                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         24775                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                31011                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               11742                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      167267                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7550998                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7550998                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            15220358                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6192122                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1004609                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1599367                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     594758                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 26104      0.34%      0.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5878363     77.44%     77.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    27190      0.36%     78.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     49242      0.65%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      88      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       30      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     4318      0.06%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       30      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2448      0.03%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    3114      0.04%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     18      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   5      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 160      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 53      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  1      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1000702     13.18%     92.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  584252      7.70%     99.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                3907      0.05%     99.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              10506      0.14%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7590532                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    23                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        36028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         9970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           45998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        36028                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         9970                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          45998                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         2212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1309                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2212                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3521                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     82282000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    139360000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    221642000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     82282000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    139360000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    221642000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        12182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        49519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        12182                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        49519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.035059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.181579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.071104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.035059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.181579                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.071104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62858.670741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63001.808318                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62948.594149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62858.670741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63001.808318                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62948.594149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          112                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              112                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1309                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3521                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     79664000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    134936000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    214600000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     79664000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    134936000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    214600000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.035059                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.181579                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.035059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.181579                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60858.670741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61001.808318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60948.594149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60858.670741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61001.808318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60948.594149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1814                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        36028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         9970                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          45998                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1309                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3521                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     82282000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    139360000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    221642000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        12182                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        49519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.035059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.181579                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62858.670741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63001.808318                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62948.594149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     79664000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    134936000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    214600000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.035059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.181579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60858.670741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61001.808318                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60948.594149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7529                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7529                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7529                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7529                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22301024000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse          296.638647                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               3789                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1814                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.088754                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle      17440218000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    57.897978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    80.947492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   157.793178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.001204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.002263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          236                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1833                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.016022                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            60962                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           60962                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22301024000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5054559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5054559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5054559                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5054559                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         145815                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             145815                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        145815                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            145815                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6217339000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6217339000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6217339000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6217339000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5200374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5200374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5200374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5200374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.028039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.028039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.028039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.028039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 42638.541988                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42638.541988                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 42638.541988                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42638.541988                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       145815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        145815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       145815                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       145815                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5925711000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5925711000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5925711000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5925711000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.028039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.028039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40638.555704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40638.555704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40638.555704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40638.555704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     145558                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5054559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5054559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        145815                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            145815                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6217339000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6217339000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5200374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5200374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.028039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.028039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 42638.541988                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42638.541988                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       145815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       145815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5925711000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5925711000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.028039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40638.555704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40638.555704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22301024000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.950969                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4875333                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                145558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 33.494092                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.950969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5346188                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5346188                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22301024000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               91343                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              91343                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        17576                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       193108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       193108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         7154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         7154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 200262                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      6738304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      6738304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       232512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       232512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 6970816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           179223000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           18930500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          472299500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22301024000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         4076544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1769408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             5845952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      4076544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        4076544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1124864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1124864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            63696                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            27647                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                91343                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         17576                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               17576                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          182796270                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           79342007                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              262138277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     182796270                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         182796270                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        50440016                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              50440016                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        50440016                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         182796270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          79342007                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             312578292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     11655.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     63696.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     24465.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003356772500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           686                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           686                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               199149                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               10954                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        91343                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       17576                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      91343                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     17576                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    3182                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   5921                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               6945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               4203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               5713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               5330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               5867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               6824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               6982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              4867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              4573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              5067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             13347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              5165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              5153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              2760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.89                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1047990250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   440805000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               2701009000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11887.23                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30637.23                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     52845                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     8530                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  59.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 73.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  91343                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 17576                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    88161                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     306                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     667                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     689                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     689                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     686                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     686                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     686                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     686                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        38413                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     166.257048                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    125.171414                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    150.257359                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         16906     44.01%     44.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12767     33.24%     77.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5030     13.09%     90.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1973      5.14%     95.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          734      1.91%     97.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          566      1.47%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          163      0.42%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           97      0.25%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          177      0.46%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         38413                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          686                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      125.768222                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      87.335287                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     110.436335                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             238     34.69%     34.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           118     17.20%     51.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191          190     27.70%     79.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           93     13.56%     93.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319           36      5.25%     98.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            5      0.73%     99.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            2      0.29%     99.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            2      0.29%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            1      0.15%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.15%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            686                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          686                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.948980                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.919289                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.007428                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               354     51.60%     51.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                25      3.64%     55.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               295     43.00%     98.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                12      1.75%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            686                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 5642304                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   203648                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   744128                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  5845952                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1124864                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        253.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         33.37                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     262.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      50.44                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    22297492000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      204716.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      4076544                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1565760                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       744128                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 182796269.803574949503                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 70210228.911461651325                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 33367436.401126693934                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        63696                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        27647                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        17576                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   1878814000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    822195000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 445389364250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29496.58                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29739.03                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  25340769.47                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     61.49                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             155901900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              82863825                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            371122920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            32635440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1760328960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        8422834140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1470680640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12296367825                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         551.381310                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3744105250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    744640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  17812278750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             118366920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              62913510                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            258346620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            28057500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1760328960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        7787894040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2005367040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         12021274590                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         539.045857                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5141144750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    744640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  16415239250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22301024000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22301024000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22301024000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1534752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1534752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1534842                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1534842                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          64826                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              64826                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         64864                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             64864                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2679915000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2679915000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2681789000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2681789000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1599578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1599578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1599706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1599706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040527                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.040527                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.040547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41340.125875                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41340.125875                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41344.798347                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41344.798347                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           31053                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 31053                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        64826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         64826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        64864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2550263000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2550263000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2552061000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2552061000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39340.125875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39340.125875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39344.798347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39344.798347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      64608                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          959687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              959687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         45103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             45103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1838732000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1838732000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1004790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1004790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.044888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40767.399064                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40767.399064                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        45103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        45103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1748526000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1748526000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38767.399064                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38767.399064                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         575065                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             575065                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        19723                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            19723                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    841183000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    841183000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       594788                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         594788                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033160                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033160                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42649.850428                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42649.850428                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        19723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    801737000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    801737000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033160                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033160                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40649.850428                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40649.850428                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            90                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                90                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           38                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              38                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1874000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      1874000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          128                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           128                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.296875                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.296875                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49315.789474                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49315.789474                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           38                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1798000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1798000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.296875                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.296875                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47315.789474                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47315.789474                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22301024000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.241673                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1580093                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 64608                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 24.456615                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.241673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1664570                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1664570                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22301024000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22301024000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22301024000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           46090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           27247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               73337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          46090                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          27247                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              73337                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         99725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         37617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            137342                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        99725                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        37617                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           137342                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4924365000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2045493000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6969858000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4924365000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2045493000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6969858000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       145815                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        64864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          210679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       145815                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        64864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         210679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.683915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.579936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.651902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.683915                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.579936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.651902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49379.443470                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54376.824308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50748.190648                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49379.443470                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54376.824308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50748.190648                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          24993                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                24993                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        99725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       137342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        99725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37617                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       137342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4724917000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1970259000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6695176000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4724917000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1970259000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6695176000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.683915                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.579936                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.651902                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.683915                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.579936                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.651902                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 47379.463525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52376.824308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48748.205210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 47379.463525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52376.824308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48748.205210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    157412                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          46090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          27247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              73337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        99725                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        37617                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           137342                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4924365000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2045493000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6969858000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       145815                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        64864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         210679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.683915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.579936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.651902                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49379.443470                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54376.824308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50748.190648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        99725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       137342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4724917000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1970259000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6695176000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.683915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.579936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.651902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 47379.463525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52376.824308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48748.205210                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        31053                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        31053                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        31053                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        31053                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22301024000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.345888                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 238244                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               157412                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.513506                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    88.266835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   196.427426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   225.651627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.172396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.383647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.440726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          208                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               399656                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              399656                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22301024000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               210679                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              210678                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         31053                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       160781                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       291629                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  452410                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6138688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      9332096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 15470784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           729070000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            365944000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           324320000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22301024000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22301024000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22301024000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  22301024000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                26920554000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 178330                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1456004                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   338587                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    28.04                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              960141340                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000007                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9493314                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.026921                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 26920554000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1126481                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000007                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9493314                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1281728                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           150                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      736901                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           326                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6500119                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          1751                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         26920543                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   26920543                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5196526                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3046134                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       847109                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  25664                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         25664                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                31914                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               11759                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      212425                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9444925                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9444925                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            19093734                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7762748                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1281307                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2017976                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     736669                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33962      0.36%      0.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7329841     77.21%     77.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    36062      0.38%     77.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     65341      0.69%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      89      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       30      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     4326      0.05%     78.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       30      0.00%     78.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2448      0.03%     78.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    3121      0.03%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     18      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   5      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 160      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 53      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  1      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1277400     13.46%     92.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  725291      7.64%     99.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                3907      0.04%     99.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              11378      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9493464                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    23                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        67138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        18919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           86057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        67138                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        18919                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          86057                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1724                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          5883                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1724                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4159                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         5883                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    108283000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    264785000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    373068000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    108283000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    264785000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    373068000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        68862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        23078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        91940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        68862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        23078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        91940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.180215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.063987                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.180215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.063987                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62809.164733                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63665.544602                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63414.584396                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62809.164733                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63665.544602                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63414.584396                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          120                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              120                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         5883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1724                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         5883                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104835000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    256467000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    361302000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104835000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    256467000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    361302000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.180215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063987                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.180215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063987                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60809.164733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61665.544602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61414.584396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60809.164733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61665.544602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61414.584396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  2445                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        67138                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        18919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          86057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1724                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         5883                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    108283000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    264785000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    373068000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        68862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        91940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.180215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.063987                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62809.164733                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63665.544602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63414.584396                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104835000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    256467000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    361302000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.180215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60809.164733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61665.544602                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61414.584396                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        13849                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        13849                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        13849                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13849                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26920554000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse          741.103074                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               5288                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             2445                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.162781                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle      17440218000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   104.004955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   145.381805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   491.716314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.003751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.005654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3831                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          402                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3407                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.029228                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           112065                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          112065                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26920554000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6311742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6311742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6311742                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6311742                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         188377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             188377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        188377                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            188377                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7008060000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   7008060000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7008060000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   7008060000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6500119                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6500119                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6500119                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6500119                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.028981                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.028981                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.028981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.028981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37202.312384                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37202.312384                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37202.312384                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37202.312384                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       188377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        188377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       188377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       188377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6631308000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6631308000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6631308000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6631308000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.028981                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028981                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.028981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35202.323001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35202.323001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35202.323001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35202.323001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     188120                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6311742                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6311742                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        188377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            188377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7008060000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7008060000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6500119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6500119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.028981                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.028981                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37202.312384                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37202.312384                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       188377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       188377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6631308000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6631308000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.028981                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028981                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35202.323001                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35202.323001                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26920554000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.130981                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6120949                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                188120                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 32.537471                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.130981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6688495                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6688495                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26920554000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               93705                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              93705                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        17584                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       193108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       193108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        11886                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        11886                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 204994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      6738304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      6738304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       384192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       384192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 7122496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           181625000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           31557000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          472299500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26920554000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         4103104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1894016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             5997120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      4103104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        4103104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1125376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1125376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            64111                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            29594                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                93705                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         17584                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               17584                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          152415288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           70355759                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              222771047                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     152415288                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         152415288                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        41803597                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              41803597                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        41803597                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         152415288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          70355759                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             264574644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     11663.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     64111.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     26361.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.013555544500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           687                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           687                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               204965                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               10971                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        93705                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       17584                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      93705                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     17584                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    3233                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   5921                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               7171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               4430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               5781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               5562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               5879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               6825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               7091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              4874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              4702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              5202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             14001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              5309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              5354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              2765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.48                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1077832500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   452360000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               2774182500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11913.44                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30663.44                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     54302                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     8543                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  60.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 73.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  93705                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 17584                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    90472                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     307                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     332                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     668                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     689                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     689                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        39272                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     166.415971                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    125.496918                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    149.711599                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         17179     43.74%     43.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        13112     33.39%     77.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5210     13.27%     90.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2025      5.16%     95.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          737      1.88%     97.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          566      1.44%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          163      0.42%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           98      0.25%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          182      0.46%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         39272                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          687                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      129.935953                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      87.785570                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     155.279064                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            356     51.82%     51.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          283     41.19%     93.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           41      5.97%     98.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      0.29%     99.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      0.29%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.15%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.15%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.15%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            687                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          687                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.950509                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.920814                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.007492                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               354     51.53%     51.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                25      3.64%     55.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               296     43.09%     98.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                12      1.75%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            687                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 5790208                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   206912                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   745280                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  5997120                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1125376                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        215.09                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         27.68                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     222.77                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      41.80                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    26887709000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      241602.58                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      4103104                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1687104                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       745280                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 152415288.333219289780                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 62669735.548532918096                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 27684422.839143652469                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        64111                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        29594                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        17584                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   1890962250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    883220250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 525304551750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29495.13                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29844.57                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  29874007.72                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     61.53                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             159628980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              84844815                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            380976120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            32661540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2124810480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        9265286160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2535146880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         14583354975                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         541.718234                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6501692250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    898820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  19520041750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             120773100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              64192425                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            264993960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            28125360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2124810480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        8474162640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3201356160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         14278414125                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         530.390798                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8243505000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    898820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  17778229000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26920554000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26920554000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26920554000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1934343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1934343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1934433                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1934433                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          84008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              84008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         84046                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             84046                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3133272000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3133272000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3135146000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3135146000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2018351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2018351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2018479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2018479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.041622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.041638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37297.305019                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37297.305019                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37302.738976                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37302.738976                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           39309                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 39309                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        84008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         84008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        84046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        84046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2965256000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2965256000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2967054000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2967054000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35297.305019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35297.305019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35302.738976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35302.738976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      83790                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1222523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1222523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         59077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             59077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2118788000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2118788000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1281600                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1281600                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.046096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35864.854343                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35864.854343                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        59077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        59077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2000634000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2000634000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33864.854343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33864.854343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         711820                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             711820                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        24931                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            24931                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1014484000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1014484000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       736751                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         736751                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033839                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033839                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40691.669006                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40691.669006                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24931                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        24931                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    964622000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    964622000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033839                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033839                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38691.669006                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38691.669006                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            90                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                90                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           38                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              38                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1874000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      1874000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          128                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           128                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.296875                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.296875                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49315.789474                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49315.789474                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           38                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1798000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1798000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.296875                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.296875                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47315.789474                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47315.789474                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26920554000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.371801                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1999605                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 83790                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 23.864483                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.371801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2102525                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2102525                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26920554000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26920554000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26920554000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           57127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           35533                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               92660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          57127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          35533                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              92660                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        131250                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         48513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            179763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       131250                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        48513                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           179763                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5359361000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2308672000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   7668033000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5359361000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2308672000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   7668033000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       188377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        84046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          272423                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       188377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        84046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         272423                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.696741                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.659867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.696741                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.659867                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40833.226667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47588.728794                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42656.347524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40833.226667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47588.728794                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42656.347524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          31313                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                31313                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       131250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        48513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       179763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       131250                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        48513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       179763                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5096863000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2211646000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7308509000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5096863000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2211646000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7308509000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.696741                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.659867                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.696741                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.659867                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38833.241905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45588.728794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40656.358650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38833.241905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45588.728794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40656.358650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    204932                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          57127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          35533                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              92660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       131250                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        48513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           179763                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5359361000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2308672000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7668033000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       188377                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        84046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         272423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.696741                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.659867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40833.226667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47588.728794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42656.347524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       131250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        48513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       179763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5096863000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2211646000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7308509000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.696741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.659867                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38833.241905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45588.728794                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40656.358650                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        39309                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        39309                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        39309                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        39309                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26920554000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.629731                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 309313                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               204932                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.509345                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    85.392543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   195.082357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   230.154832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.166782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.381020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.449521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          248                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               517176                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              517176                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26920554000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               272423                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              272422                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         39309                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       207401                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       376753                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  584154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7894720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     12056064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 19950784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           941880000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            468968000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           420230000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26920554000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26920554000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26920554000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  26920554000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                31551808000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 177099                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1456004                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   336597                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    33.88                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              931282251                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000051                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11403859                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.031552                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 31551808000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1351903                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000051                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11403859                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1579195                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           154                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      885469                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           360                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7797628                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          2497                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         31551797                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   31551797                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6181220                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3640598                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1007103                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  25672                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         25672                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                31926                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               11763                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      262921                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11345914                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11345914                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            23032720                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9337026                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1578654                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2463808                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     885154                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 42292      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8760414     76.82%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    44829      0.39%     77.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     82397      0.72%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      89      0.00%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       30      0.00%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     4330      0.04%     78.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       30      0.00%     78.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2448      0.02%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    3121      0.03%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     18      0.00%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   5      0.00%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 160      0.00%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 53      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  1      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1574747     13.81%     92.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  873772      7.66%     99.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                3907      0.03%     99.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              11382      0.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11404026                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    23                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        98849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        28761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total          127610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        98849                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        28761                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total         127610                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1830                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          7154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1830                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5324                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         7154                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    115260000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    334953000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    450213000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    115260000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    334953000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    450213000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       100679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        34085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       134764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       100679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        34085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       134764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.018177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.156198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.053085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.018177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.156198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.053085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62983.606557                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62913.786627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62931.646631                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62983.606557                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62913.786627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62931.646631                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          120                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              120                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         7154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1830                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5324                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         7154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    111600000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    324305000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    435905000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    111600000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    324305000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    435905000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.018177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.156198                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.018177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.156198                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60983.606557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60913.786627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60931.646631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60983.606557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60913.786627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60931.646631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  2651                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        98849                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        28761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total         127610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1830                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         7154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    115260000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    334953000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    450213000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       100679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        34085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       134764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.018177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.156198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.053085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62983.606557                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62913.786627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62931.646631                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    111600000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    324305000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    435905000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.018177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.156198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60983.606557                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60913.786627                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60931.646631                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        19668                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        19668                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        19668                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        19668                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31551808000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1272.893346                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               6182                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             2651                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.331950                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle      17440218000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   136.296383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   199.191642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   937.405320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.007152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.009711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4896                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          215                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2764                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1892                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.037354                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           161979                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          161979                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31551808000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7565317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7565317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7565317                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7565317                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         232311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             232311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        232311                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            232311                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7802161000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   7802161000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7802161000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   7802161000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7797628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7797628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7797628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7797628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.029793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.029793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.029793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.029793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33584.983061                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33584.983061                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33584.983061                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33584.983061                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       232311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        232311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       232311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       232311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7337541000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7337541000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7337541000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7337541000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.029793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.029793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31584.991671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31584.991671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31584.991671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31584.991671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     232054                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7565317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7565317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        232311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            232311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7802161000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7802161000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7797628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7797628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.029793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.029793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33584.983061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33584.983061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       232311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       232311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7337541000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7337541000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.029793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31584.991671                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31584.991671                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31551808000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.258538                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 7328526                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                232054                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 31.581123                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.258538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               8029938                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              8029938                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31551808000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               94976                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              94976                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        17584                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       193108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       193108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        14428                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        14428                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 207536                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      6738304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      6738304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       465536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       465536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 7203840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           182896000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           38320500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          472299500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31551808000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         4109888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1968576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             6078464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      4109888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        4109888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1125376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1125376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            64217                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            30759                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                94976                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         17584                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               17584                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          130258399                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           62391860                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              192650260                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     130258399                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         130258399                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        35667560                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              35667560                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        35667560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         130258399                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          62391860                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             228317819                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     11663.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     64217.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     27510.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.013555544500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           687                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           687                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               208665                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               10971                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        94976                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       17584                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      94976                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     17584                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    3249                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   5921                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               7171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               4448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               5909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               5633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               6008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               6953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               7219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              5002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              4740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              5204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             14228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              5311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              5354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              2765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.38                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1089254750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   458635000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               2809136000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11874.96                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30624.96                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     55186                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     8543                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  60.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 73.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  94976                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 17584                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    91727                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     307                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     332                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     668                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     689                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     689                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        39642                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     166.885626                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    125.998185                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    149.356309                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         17227     43.46%     43.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        13248     33.42%     76.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5374     13.56%     90.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2047      5.16%     95.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          737      1.86%     97.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          566      1.43%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          163      0.41%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           98      0.25%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          182      0.46%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         39642                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          687                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      129.935953                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      87.785570                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     155.279064                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            356     51.82%     51.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          283     41.19%     93.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           41      5.97%     98.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      0.29%     99.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      0.29%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.15%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.15%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.15%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            687                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          687                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.950509                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.920814                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.007492                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               354     51.53%     51.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                25      3.64%     55.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               296     43.09%     98.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                12      1.75%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            687                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 5870528                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   207936                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   745280                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  6078464                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1125376                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        186.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         23.62                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     192.65                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      35.67                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    31550874000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      280302.72                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      4109888                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1760640                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       745280                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 130258399.138331472874                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 55801556.601764306426                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 23620833.392495289445                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        64217                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        30759                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        17584                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   1894400750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    914735250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 525304551750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29499.99                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29738.78                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  29874007.72                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     61.64                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             161064120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              85603815                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            385638540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            32661540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2490521280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        9705565560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3942786720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         16803841575                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         532.579356                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10156563250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1053520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  20341724750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             121986900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              64837575                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            269292240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            28125360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2490521280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        8946501120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4581998880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         16503263355                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         523.052858                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11828390250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1053520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  18669897750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31551808000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31551808000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31551808000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2360268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2360268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2360358                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2360358                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         104100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             104100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        104138                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            104138                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3546869000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3546869000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3548743000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3548743000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2464368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2464368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2464496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2464496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.042242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.042255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34071.748319                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34071.748319                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34077.310876                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34077.310876                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           47219                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 47219                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       104100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        104100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       104138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       104138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3338669000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3338669000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3340467000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3340467000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042242                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042242                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042255                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042255                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32071.748319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32071.748319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32077.310876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32077.310876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     103882                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1504635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1504635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         74432                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             74432                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2389364000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2389364000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1579067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1579067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.047137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32101.300516                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32101.300516                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        74432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        74432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2240500000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2240500000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30101.300516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30101.300516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         855633                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             855633                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        29668                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            29668                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1157505000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1157505000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       885301                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         885301                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033512                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033512                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39015.268977                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39015.268977                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29668                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        29668                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1098169000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1098169000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033512                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033512                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37015.268977                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37015.268977                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            90                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                90                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           38                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              38                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1874000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      1874000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          128                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           128                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.296875                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.296875                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49315.789474                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49315.789474                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           38                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1798000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1798000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.296875                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.296875                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47315.789474                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47315.789474                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31551808000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.464009                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2450142                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                103882                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 23.585819                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.464009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2568634                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2568634                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31551808000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31551808000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31551808000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           69244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           44618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              113862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          69244                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          44618                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             113862                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        163067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         59520                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            222587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       163067                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        59520                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           222587                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5779747000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2519601000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   8299348000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5779747000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2519601000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   8299348000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       232311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       104138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          336449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       232311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       104138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         336449                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.571549                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.661577                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.571549                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.661577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35444.001545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42332.006048                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37285.861259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35444.001545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42332.006048                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37285.861259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          37132                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                37132                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       163067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        59520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       222587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       163067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        59520                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       222587                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5453615000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2400561000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7854176000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5453615000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2400561000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7854176000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701934                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.571549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.661577                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.571549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.661577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33444.013810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40332.006048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35285.870244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33444.013810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40332.006048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35285.870244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    252136                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          69244                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          44618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             113862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       163067                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        59520                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           222587                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5779747000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2519601000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8299348000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       232311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       104138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         336449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701934                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.571549                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.661577                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35444.001545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42332.006048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37285.861259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       163067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        59520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       222587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5453615000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2400561000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7854176000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701934                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.571549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.661577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33444.013810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40332.006048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35285.870244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        47219                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        47219                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        47219                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        47219                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31551808000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.830863                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 380857                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               252136                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.510522                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    83.295037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   195.161580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   232.374245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.162686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.381175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.453856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          228                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               636316                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              636316                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31551808000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               336449                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              336448                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         47219                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       255495                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       464621                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  720116                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      9686848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     14867840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 24554688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy          1161550000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            572544000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           520690000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31551808000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31551808000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31551808000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  31551808000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                35761358000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 180779                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1483204                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   344335                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    38.72                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              923538740                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13333321                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.035761                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 35761358000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1588286                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13333321                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1840323                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           299                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1000865                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           401                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9071240                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          2794                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         35761358                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   35761358                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7311326                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4335754                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1185247                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  28924                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         28924                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                35743                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               12568                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      308785                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13266640                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13266640                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            26852616                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10958051                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1839680                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2840171                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1000491                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 48817      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  10276891     77.08%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    55506      0.42%     77.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                    101095      0.76%     78.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     167      0.00%     78.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       30      0.00%     78.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     4418      0.03%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       30      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2448      0.02%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    3687      0.03%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     18      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   5      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 166      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 56      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  1      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1835770     13.77%     92.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  986679      7.40%     99.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                3910      0.03%     99.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              13812      0.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13333507                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    27                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst       112278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        36003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total          148281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst       112278                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        36003                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total         148281                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7569                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         11050                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3481                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7569                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        11050                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    219123000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    472226000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    691349000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    219123000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    472226000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    691349000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       115759                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        43572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       159331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       115759                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        43572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       159331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030071                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.173712                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.069352                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030071                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.173712                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.069352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62948.290721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62389.483419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62565.520362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62948.290721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62389.483419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62565.520362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          201                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              201                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        11050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7569                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        11050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    212161000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    457088000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    669249000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    212161000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    457088000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    669249000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030071                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.173712                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069352                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030071                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.173712                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069352                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60948.290721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60389.483419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60565.520362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60948.290721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60389.483419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60565.520362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  3029                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst       112278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        36003                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total         148281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3481                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7569                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        11050                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    219123000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    472226000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    691349000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       115759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        43572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       159331                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030071                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.173712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.069352                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62948.290721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62389.483419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62565.520362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    212161000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    457088000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    669249000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030071                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.173712                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069352                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60948.290721                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60389.483419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60565.520362                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        23278                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        23278                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        23278                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        23278                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35761358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1937.030179                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             182609                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            11444                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            15.956746                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle      17440218000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   157.967907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   348.829804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1430.232469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.002661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.010912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.014778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8415                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          290                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5066                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3059                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.064201                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           194053                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          194053                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35761358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8814475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8814475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8814475                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8814475                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         256765                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             256765                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        256765                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            256765                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8330244000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   8330244000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8330244000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   8330244000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9071240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9071240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9071240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9071240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.028305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.028305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.028305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.028305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32443.066617                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32443.066617                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32443.066617                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32443.066617                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       256765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        256765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       256765                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       256765                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7816714000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7816714000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7816714000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7816714000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.028305                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028305                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.028305                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028305                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30443.066617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30443.066617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30443.066617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30443.066617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     256509                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8814475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8814475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        256765                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            256765                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8330244000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8330244000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9071240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9071240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.028305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.028305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32443.066617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32443.066617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       256765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       256765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7816714000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7816714000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.028305                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028305                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30443.066617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30443.066617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35761358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.345817                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9071240                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                256765                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 35.328958                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.345817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          215                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9328005                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9328005                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35761358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               98872                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              98872                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        17665                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       193108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       193108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        22301                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        22301                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 215409                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      6738304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      6738304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       720064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       720064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 7458368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           187197000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           59129750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          472299500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35761358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         4215552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2112256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             6327808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      4215552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        4215552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1130560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1130560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            65868                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            33004                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                98872                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         17665                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               17665                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          117880087                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           59065318                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              176945406                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     117880087                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         117880087                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        31614012                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              31614012                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        31614012                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         117880087                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          59065318                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             208559418                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     11744.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     65868.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     29744.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.027294380500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           691                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           691                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               217595                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               11038                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        98872                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       17665                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      98872                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     17665                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    3260                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   5921                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               7366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               3000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               4713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               3142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               6097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               5844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               3190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               6161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               7119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               7524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              5120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              5103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              5460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             14578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              5604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              5591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              2780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.51                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1127759750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   478060000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               2920484750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11795.17                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30545.17                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     57830                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     8599                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  60.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 73.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  98872                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 17665                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    95612                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     336                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     701                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     701                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        40899                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     167.950121                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    126.601346                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    150.551231                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         17682     43.23%     43.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        13666     33.41%     76.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5566     13.61%     90.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2138      5.23%     95.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          792      1.94%     97.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          581      1.42%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          173      0.42%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          106      0.26%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          195      0.48%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         40899                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          691                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      136.383502                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      88.903518                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     197.103847                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            356     51.52%     51.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          284     41.10%     92.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           41      5.93%     98.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            3      0.43%     98.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      0.29%     99.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.14%     99.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.14%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.14%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.14%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3199            1      0.14%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            691                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          691                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.955137                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.925471                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.006939                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               354     51.23%     51.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                26      3.76%     54.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               299     43.27%     98.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                12      1.74%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            691                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 6119168                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   208640                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   749824                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  6327808                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1130560                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        171.11                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         20.97                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     176.95                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      31.61                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    35542954000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      304992.87                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      4215552                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1903616                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       749824                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 117880087.215927317739                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 53231088.148274458945                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 20967436.415585782379                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        65868                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        33004                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        17665                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   1943208000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    977276750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 769760066250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29501.55                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29610.86                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  43575435.39                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     61.88                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             165733680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              88089540                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            400546860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            32739840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2822426880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       10528662660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4866119520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         18904318980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         528.624192                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12549321250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1193920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  22018116750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             126285180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              67122165                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            282122820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            28417680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2822426880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        9669382530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5589723840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         18585481095                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         519.708482                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14441219500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1193920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  20126218500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35761358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35761358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35761358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2720610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2720610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2720727                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2720727                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         120163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             120163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        120274                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            120274                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3955963000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3955963000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3961673000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3961673000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2840773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2840773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2841001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2841001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.042299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.042335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32921.639773                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32921.639773                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32938.731563                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32938.731563                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           52101                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 52101                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       120163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        120163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       120274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       120274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3715637000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3715637000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3721125000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3721125000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042299                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042299                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042335                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042335                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30921.639773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30921.639773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30938.731563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30938.731563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     120018                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1752331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1752331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         87764                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             87764                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2679942000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2679942000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1840095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1840095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047695                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.047695                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30535.777768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30535.777768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        87764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        87764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2504414000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2504414000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047695                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047695                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28535.777768                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28535.777768                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         968279                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             968279                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        32399                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            32399                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1276021000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1276021000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1000678                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1000678                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032377                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.032377                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39384.579771                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39384.579771                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32399                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        32399                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1211223000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1211223000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032377                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032377                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37384.579771                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37384.579771                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           117                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               117                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          111                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             111                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5710000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5710000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          228                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           228                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.486842                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.486842                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51441.441441                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51441.441441                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          111                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          111                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5488000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5488000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.486842                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.486842                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49441.441441                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49441.441441                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35761358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.527102                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2841001                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                120274                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 23.621074                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.527102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2961275                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2961275                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35761358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35761358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35761358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           78619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           51267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              129886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          78619                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          51267                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             129886                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        178146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         69007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            247153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       178146                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        69007                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           247153                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6076348000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2775715000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   8852063000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6076348000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2775715000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   8852063000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       256765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       120274                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          377039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       256765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       120274                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         377039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.573748                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.655510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.573748                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.655510                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34108.809628                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40223.672961                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35816.126043                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34108.809628                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40223.672961                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35816.126043                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          40742                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                40742                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       178146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        69007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       247153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       178146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        69007                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       247153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5720056000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2637701000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8357757000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5720056000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2637701000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8357757000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693810                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.573748                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.655510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693810                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.573748                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.655510                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32108.809628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38223.672961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33816.126043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32108.809628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38223.672961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33816.126043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    279341                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          78619                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          51267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             129886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       178146                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        69007                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           247153                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6076348000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2775715000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8852063000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       256765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       120274                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         377039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693810                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.573748                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.655510                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34108.809628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40223.672961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35816.126043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       178146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        69007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       247153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5720056000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2637701000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8357757000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.573748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.655510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32108.809628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38223.672961                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33816.126043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        52101                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        52101                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        52101                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        52101                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35761358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.968485                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 429140                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               279853                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.533448                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    82.367197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   193.950451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   234.650837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.160873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.378809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.458302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          382                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               708993                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              708993                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35761358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               377039                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              377039                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         52101                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       292649                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       513530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  806179                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     11032000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     16432960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 27464960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy          1283825000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            637544000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           601370000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35761358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35761358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35761358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  35761358000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
